test:  returns a suite of reorder of the given suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  tests the probes of the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds a list of paths to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a template by name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of paths into a single filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return an argument for the named file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  delete a policy from the user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a gnu triangulated triangulated file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot image .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  concatenate vcs tool in the current revision .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request to have entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config of test config .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to get missing functions .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  format the datetime object for the string format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to tpath .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the iterator of the nodes in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current user id in the current process .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  construct a list of wsdl names and wsdl requests .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  helper function to escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  simple wrapper around 1 .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  verify that the given value contains the given register location .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the indices with the indices in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  deletes the entire form from the application .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  updates the content of the given line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a service or processs processs query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  return a suitable url for a path suitable for a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  given a rejections request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  take a list of slices and return a tuple containing the number of slice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a minimal estimator on an array of indices .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two points .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  the unification is used in a transformation .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the for for an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  name: todouble args: step .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list of or return a single string of the topic .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  the main entry-point .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  calculate the bootstrap sample from a string of creating a bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns an integer which currently being used as a unicode string .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get config value for a specific request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a command line for requesting a specific group .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  run the network on a specific network .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers servers .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  concatenate a bson file and register it into the default directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return an md5 file on a specified file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function computes a suitable convolution and returns a unicode string .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  make a user model that emits the user defined in .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  compute the asymmetry of a random expression between two random expression .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a lambda function that looks up a predicate on a list of tokens .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that the integration fails .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a sounds function of two 1d parameters x : array-like array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  create a bytearray from a sequence of pairs .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  this function is called by nose_runner when the tests all finish .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  gets a single module name for the given url .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  wraps a class with a class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  runs the system delay command on the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  sort iterable based on whose elements are raw_input() .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup items in the specified sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for use with a deep proxy .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  returns the action to use for a given point .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a handler for log handling .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download an image from the current figure .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global flag object for the current thread .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a full python path as python .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical slug .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  construct the class with the moving average over the given comm .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail unless the given object is a boolean .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert a set or structure *val* to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  in p2g format each node in the graph g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method returns the redirect url for an acceptable course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  use this only to disable the term on a virtual machine .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  rewrite a file with extra directories and their callback .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  helper for connection string in an quantities .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  given a sequence of lists and a sequence of integers .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a remoteinfo identifier .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the list of the fragments for the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a mock that can be used to mock the module with the given part of the priority .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns a form form for the given query .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a file system path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all styles associated with a given model .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns dictionary of predecessors for forest and their node .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  dtyped a list of file to a compares file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  make an elemwise elemwise .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  get the complete page paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return tenant url to a specific service .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns a background background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the kernel name .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  create a legend for the given legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the standard time to sleep with gevent .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of matching documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  collect all modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip off the first slash of a string .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a single column of a given value on the given width .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the target="_blank" .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  calculate the diversity of the diversity active front on the first hypot .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  display the applications and makes errors in errors errors .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  return true if the given file path is a symlink .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for unset passwords cli example: .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate a group title title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  return a dictionary for a given file .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate the appropriate command stream of the given definition .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration manager is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return the task info as a dict .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  converts a timestamp + tz_offset to a str timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a dict of the node that are in the graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  return equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack a stream of text or .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function to proxy a new function .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from a svn package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for the given number of patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  audits installed packages against the remote packages cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return a generator that can be used in unicode to another composition composition .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines engines from salt://_pillar to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  simplify an email using pygments .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a suitable object for given id .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters x : the type to be checked as returns validator - a string of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate handler .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert strings on individuals .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current language of current language .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes dictionary of files from the given key-value .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap a function or method of a method .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the network configuration for the given network .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live execute a screenshot screenshot for improving requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy live .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  display a custom xml namespace .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  exists and returns value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  searches a list of python code for a template search based on python 2 .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes raw and raw entities from functional .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns the ending of the ca constants .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether a given operator is in the arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  json encoding wrapper .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show exceptions for a show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for the system status until *fileno* is true .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  retrieve the javascript urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i broken my email mail .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  given a list of host templates and all coming from those that need to be deleted .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  a feature table that doesnt exist .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  given a url_name instance .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision revision for the given locale .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test labjackud of a vm using the respective immediately .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or random script .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return an iterator over all the groebner basis .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central vector into vector of vector and format: coordinates .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses one key-value pair in a chunk of the form .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if a given user is a type of another authored .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test load a widget from an error when no equivalent is found .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method updates a calendar via a google public updates .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  collect version of devappserver2 .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the netstat services cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the top gumbel documents .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  sets a query and if it is available .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each entry point of the maximum to the list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  returns a list of tags for use in a text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove files and clear the given destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a set of bytes to binary coding array .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a plugin object .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  update a template by plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes a given option to a file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and parse the string value to a given name .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a standard free response object .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get a device name for the device .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number in a sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get unique sponsor .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects on a specific site .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  collect handler for zen view .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  this returns a generic identity object .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  helper function to resolve a func .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a path string into a list of scopes .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in multi by a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  if request fails .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a sphinx changes of a given unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  returns a sqlalchemy type given a record .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function ensures that a reference of a given reference points to a given object of the given reference : list of variables .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test optimized of color image .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds a label for a project with additional parameters .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact reader for identical key/value pairs .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given scores directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the config .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first item of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random state generated by the function .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  collect all modules .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the description for the specified location .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a set of brute-force statistics for a shared variables .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the file .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  detects movie in a movie review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper for marking the given expression .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe from question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for the current user .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  always return true .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  call a function with a given argument over the updated function .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  adds one to all values in a seqids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the permissions for contributors and node permissions are not match .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parses an iso 8601 date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  parabolic the first shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can be 0 as point .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns instance of collection options for a cluster .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a version string to a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the gaussian distribution function as an array .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  this view is for getting a html to be rendered when a posted process is complete .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  force the binary representation of a network to its on-disk representation .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to execute a command and return the output .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  multi-dimensional slicing: checks .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute a binary command with the given id .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the factory to be used if required .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  drop the get vector3 by radians .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  replace the path name of the package to a resource on .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  decorates the contract metadata if you strip the contract value is not in the map .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass directories that need to be added to the sass system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  catch any lines in the output of a line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads a route path by looking the template context for the given path .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the secret of a given key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file into a human readable format .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this builds an editable dictionary of automatic os installation installation that link to an editable .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  return a list of the thumbnails for a file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path from a path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability capability args: source : the capability to install source : the capability returns: *length* : the capability or path to the capability windows capability : the capability
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  return the base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package refresh force a refresh if set to true .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install this package as the reactor until that the user is being run using a good twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  determine the requests for the specified course item .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given header is in the header list .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all the containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build clonespec spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  feed a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  restores the provider modified patch modified original .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  a expected recordset should have the prime number of child .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module keys in the given number of keys .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge for the given registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find all objs that have been added in the given object .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test when we have a dimshuffle .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  check a map from a local url .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns the path to the built-in photo .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign the input for a boolean .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds two matrices into a single variable with zero .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve the list of of in-process .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  returns a dict of files in a list of errors .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  returns a functionloader of the context for a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  get the annotation for the given type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if url is a link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flattens a list of lists into a new list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test dealing with psdestimator from epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- returns the eval() url => edit the first date up to the wordoftheday -- the steam wrapper -- the wx .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  returns an array of : float vector .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status of a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main entry point to handle the client .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity hash for a given identity .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource of the nodes of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to repeat timer object and repeat .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression; .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  from github issue #107 .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects in a and return their values .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  returns the manager that will be used by this process .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  calculate the quotas for a project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse an iterable of matchmark .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create and parse a csv string response .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  for converting g .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if the group exists and fails if a group has not been deleted .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  returns sample string .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  computes a set of compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns the class thingies for a soap enveloped .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  create a docker image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  the main settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the data at the cubehelix position .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  test the effect dpi .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all /etc/portage/package of user ids that are present in user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a new project object based on the given parameters .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  gets index .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password to the supplied name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the x and return dataframe matches indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that have been reached .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  a view that returns an empty response .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a node to become a watch statement .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first width of the given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if the cpu is flags .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes cost for an aws sampled .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  provides rbac if we are running on a systemd os .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if a module is part of an instance which is not well as the given instance .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a parsed value object .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates a tag tag for register_value element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a rule for the csf test cases .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict for the hexadecimal representation .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  helper function that returns true if the given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates the given function name to the cinder exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an object by name .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  displays a mako template and a response object .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  retrieve http proxy settings from http request .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidates a hash on disk .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract input .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates a collection type to the collection given a dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute set_cookie loss function from url .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  rewrites string value is a missing config .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper function to get a function name .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  returns a new row with a new name from the database .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token to a blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return the number of file names in this mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a substring or pwd command .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a text block storage block that has the given types .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an all ssl match the given the given detail .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a filesystem .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  yield pairs of the canonical form .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a posix pattern for commas format .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expressions can tokenize sources .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  create a figure and a grid of axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from v2 to v2 playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return filename without modifying if it is found .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  if needed .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the static string value of the given observer observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the set of environment .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute action on the given map/provider/instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  retrieve projects from the relevant relevant dictionary .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a wrapper around the cpu times .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the ipv6 address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the given permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote a list of dicts for use in a argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a user from pillar or raise a warning if it exists .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks the response of rediss gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  lookup a pandas table in the given table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  tests for issue attribute tests using a metaclass .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new external id for a product id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the string for the process is selected .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  recursive helper function to remove leading ansi color and ending .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication for authentication to custom page .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the sympy tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker directory based on docker-compose .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  run all of the given function .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the given release has a release that is the link-local of its first external release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  instantiate in config .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create new file .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  calculate the number of chunks of the these function f: a single test to create a sigmoid matrix for each sample of the secs of the given axis .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  get a resource type for a given topic type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check a comparison from a source angle .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  return a list of slices of slices in a list of arrays relative to turn versions into their original element of length objects into a list of lists given arrays
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  create a resource file from the resource website .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  asserts that a dict is preserved when passed the data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  return the n-th norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the lines of a sequence of text .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  get an event notification manager for a given event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  return a list of the names of all users cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute url for the given href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  parse the return a dict of the form of an alignment alignment .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function inside a remote host .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a string or a string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  given a string for a numeric character .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  exception an exception object .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  execute a linux linux linux command .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  calculate the percentage of principial for a given number .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure reactor to be run inside the server .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  requested requested node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  a neighbor value is either an [xmlschema-2] or the value of a class .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a pickle object given a path path .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for log .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  trims whitespace at once of a given string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes an encryption on the positive sum of the hermite polynomial .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates a update operation cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  creates a new triggerdb type db for the db given trigger_type definition audit dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  determine whether faa is a hypergeometric or a dataframe .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns whether tool can be a tty .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this script uses the env starting with the their snmp options .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  a wrapper around mock .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  set the matches matches the given product index and asserts .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  returns the current global global global user settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit barcodes of the currently being used to submit user .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs type by dammit! it to the database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the tag tag for the current api .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a string representation of the given controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  converts a vector to an array of integers .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save and update the list of dict .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given grain_pcre target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all members that meet the given criteria .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a continuous random expression .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  load a context dictionary from json .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does basic remote server to load a remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return an incomplete copytobuffer copytobuffer .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open a file using the given mode and return a python file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the results of the project .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate an ssl client for a given namespace .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get the windows version of the win32 .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugins and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  return ~user path as an absolute url .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns the discussion category of the discussion category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate full os hash .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns object based on matching objects by the given ref .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  this function call an object with a textual indentation .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read a raw document .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a value to a configuration section .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  generates a set of comparable tests like the {size:url} {size:url} .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency directory .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close the given event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service on the host .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  try to retrieve the paper: module from the os .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the inherited aces to set the dacl before disabling
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  print the username and command line options .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  argument preprocessor .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the docinfo status until it is importable .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  explicitly find the path to the includes .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  recursively test modules .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a password change .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a str or stream and parse the given document or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation function outputs a valueerror for a fixed types .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  fetches a fake header .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns the string representing a unicode specification .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  merges a template status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the cumulative distribution of the widths .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  test whether two random numbers is homogeneous with or even .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running in the current gtk environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create a new url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute the lin .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look through the buckets cache file for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the contents of the given url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  select a finder indexes .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user has page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the hierarchical exceptions for the document .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  ensure that the given handler is an play playable .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds a list of features to a evaluates file .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db needs to be used using a file .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  create a paste pipeline based on auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float strings .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  return b256 cluster embedded by allow_hosts .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test that parsing works with invalid invalid invalid values .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a conditions .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  simple wrapper to detect the given contents .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the x segment if it is within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  notification : notification .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generate the ssh key for the given request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp app url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a list of all matches in the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  allows specific user to follows another user used for the given user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get response mac address from name .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an object from a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to use a linear test .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the bounding box for use in configuring equated .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is a number .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return inverse of characters like thenewattribute .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks the condition on a string .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  return a list of length loop without destroying if it is inside the directory .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function serves the first argument of the script .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  simple method to detect the "writing code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry as a tree of numbers .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always returns false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag argument for the given channel .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip the gzip data with the given data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return the path from the file .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the dag representation of a sound stocenv: time scaling timescaling: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a disk buckets from the cache .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  returns a category structure with the information on the given category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge 2 .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove a task for given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  since all tests .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get an individual node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return a list of png chunks representing this file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of a chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable return the value in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  returns the tensorflow cross entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  returns the 2-d representation of a matrix .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  helper function to get a negative file name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager that allow you to make sure that the user choose the message in celeux .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert an excel cell reference string in a1 notation to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the source space .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential potential dipole in the domain .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  start the test .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the field with the given name matching a field .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return the varnish of the given data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  gets the full number for the given number of intl formatting .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  converts a string to a array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  ensure that the default organisation organisation is created .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  a providing the summary of the summary .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series of variable with the given arguments .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a implementation of python shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handler for request handler .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add hsv image to an rgb filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  encrypts a raw .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user has edit away type for the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  returns a fully qualified distance between 2 .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test for update .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and passes the target to the target call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parses a token like a token and turns it into a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  numpy implementation of the t t by t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return the union of two lists .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the get operation .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  simulates a set of network layers in a set of modules .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file given a configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the python object for the given user/group .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return ndarray normalized parameters x : array-like axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  helper function for mocking a series of strings .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  year -> int year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines as a string .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change process and group of a process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if the given number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  get information on the database connection .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs to be checked with one of the provided name .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a test dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a new graph the clique column of g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f raises an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of the primorial n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return unicode instance assuming utf-8 encoded string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing arcs using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound for zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read and return content from a file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  do some path/method cases of a dotted .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  recursively generate a list of pairs that contain a single string .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  converts an address in internal representation to int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test that excluding fails .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  returns a version-2 scale that can be used with a subjects subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine of rounds results .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the simpledialog color after the first derivative of two given .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleanup up an elasticsearch test database .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  takes an array of closest values and returns the whole sum of the form .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes naive the given timezone naive is made than the default timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parses a single module .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  this method tries to replace the torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return a list of conf string .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user prompt to given if available .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  return square-free decomposition of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  generate a new random string for a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return info about all version cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  retrieve a pem pem string based on the given object and truncating it returns a pem format .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  return the string for the current metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  execute a command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that jd1 is an error .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  adds a sqlmap to a given suffix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a url string from a url ex: view .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  writes the log file content .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  computes polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item at the given product .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  returns a string format suitable for display in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a pair of terms in a polynomial f .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to list .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  returns a list of given formatters and text formatter .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  add a new pipeline to the /comments pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  helper function for loading the tag of parsed socket .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten an indentation into multi-line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper function that returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  imports a class by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub object .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns true if the given block is reporting .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  returns the dont use the construction .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket for the current tenant cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  hides a recaptcha challenge to the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  helper function for setting and delete values .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes with all notes attached to the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  this context manager replaces the given thread with a given thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a bytestring and a string .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input time_str and port from the given gpio .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  a feature with background should contain verbosity .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the latest icon for this system .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group that iterate over a group .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove all xblocks matching a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a outgoing external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this will set the media with the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  download a gh-pages environment .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client from a cluster as a container .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  extract the first component of a host .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given the email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads certificate and private time certificate from specified certificate certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  run the popup of the widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  given an styles .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the full host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the specified values .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  filelink: calling the current server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator that skips a condition if condition appears to be true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove generated items in directly descriptor .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  create a new file contents .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes a and their interpolation for each properties of a given tensor .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common paths in the paths tree .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the loops of the segments is in the segments .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  generates a string for the given cursor .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get all spot instance instance requests instance tag .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  builds a dict with decoding key .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  return the current desktop configuration for the given desktop cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  return a list of the flinalg funcs of the matrix .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  return a utility function that takes a bunch of the arguments and uses the streamreader .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the image index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule lt id .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  retrieve a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of installed packages cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits outstanding changes .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this function is called by the fs manager .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function to apply the series keys in the expression .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a unicode string of the given data .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify identify git information .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert raw facts to enter .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  this function checks if theres a * .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian parametric mean of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  submit submit user for the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  returns a sas with the search sum .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error accuracy .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content recommended for a given requester .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the given expression does not refer to be used .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  constructs and sends a endpoint for the given tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating edge set to a dominating set .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  try to find the first sentence in the list .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  show image in the magnitude squared to the underlying image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  turn any contributed chars in a string to case-insensitive sequences .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  builds a dictionary for a complete python requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  allows remote_api to notation when pascalcase notation .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the first open file descriptor in the given list of epochs .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return true if url is a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create new user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  check score_set of fasta seqs .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get accept header info .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save an original value to the key/val .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  build a scipy .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row from a feature to a dictionary .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  detects the next tree in the left .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the given stages .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  outputs item from the environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of the names of all users cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  a wrapper to create the error stream out .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get changed requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest visits and save bounds .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the global configuration variables .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  the node partitionspecs function .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type correctly handles basic values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads a batch .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string of an unsigned key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  called from phone to show version .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest available artifacts from the user .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that may not be used as a method .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  create a string suitable for an pid .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a save .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this function wraps a wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if a vm is the vms .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and value .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initializes a new bootstrap .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dict of a given target target target that matches the given target names .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  block two new given a block of two images .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  simple debugging wrapper .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  there is no threading .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns a list of devices that are installed on the system cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  this generator checks for valid errors in the system errors .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should never work on 0/0 .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return a boolean to know that is installed on the system .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return a list of information about all enabled features .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a new theano tensor variable with empty elements of the reason .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output path .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  abort that the url push for import import correctly .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  optimizes the full database cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns a path to the python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a string .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  computes spectral composition of cyclic and q .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  send non-maskable information for grains of a vm vm : string vm to be 64 targeted json : string nmi or screenshot -- default: nmi key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get the opengl configuration .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set diff .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a humanized request based on a push request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  process pattern for .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  finds the closest matches to the provided position in an addon expression .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder name exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a handler as a handler .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  check all valid models .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull now now .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  get a string of name for a given certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random parents random variables .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release date from the xblocks date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password exists in the running state is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of tuples with a single vector .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the missing keys from the config store .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  t-ev : complex anomaly anomaly for each type of a function .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from c syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close the cuda devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  ensure that redirect to correctly causes another redirect to another redirect parsing .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a copy of the pairs with overlapping and x[a][b] .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  changes the git hash of the requested cache .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  an empty dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of user names and builtins fields for given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  return the multivariate cauchy estimator for the individual solution .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  get certificate certificates for a course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  for classes that was fixed with their orders .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a list of valid sinica string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates a string or return a bool .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for a row in a django row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a datastore namespace from a namespace .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculate the percentage of the angle for a matrix x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit commit command .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract all messages from a list of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group with a group class .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  make sure that the answer is checked by the given answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by name .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a voxel onto a single voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  traverse a given rule on the given channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or a string containing a single token each .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for relative path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a derinteger gradient with the given base gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed path from prefix and delete the manipulationfunction .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  most appropriate form for admin request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  when a stdin loop that runs tests that the next loop of the true .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  this method gets the current user object from the request .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  coordinates the connection to the vmware dependency .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that a short bar bar bar tests giving the same bar .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  md5 hash of string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  api: accepts exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has publish .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get a dictionary of the locales that have a particular ip key and the result of them .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport - restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  transpose a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a count of plugins that have been plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the main img of the img font .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write the given pdf .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  make a map for an instance of label .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the given message entry from the log tree .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given name and the given template name .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the given directory exists in the gpg section 9 .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return true if f is ground .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  generate a random query .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  load the mnist mnist tests .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a connected network .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update and update user modified vote for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking access administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the context of a script .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  takes a netmask mask and returns true if it is a valid ip address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads and returns the assigned to the root directory .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of a directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate log likelihood from a list of tz-changes and a proportions_chisquare likelihood .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of python library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  calculate the kruskal-wallis normal cluster .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if a string is a valid ip .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the columns of a column .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check the fetcher for a log sentence .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows all the users subscriptions .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  provides a generator that extracts the corresponding to extract the labels from a course name .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns whether a number is a valid number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  create a file in disk .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows user contents of an account or group of a given user .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use the given handler as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return the first derivative of x in x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  fake version of os .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  apply the root group for a group case .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  build a trackinfo object from a given playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless the name of a credential has a credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to enqueue a function that sends a virtual job using the args and can be executed .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield all items in sequence that are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a password hash from the supplied ldap groups .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around cfunc .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  raise an error with a given option and raise an error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata info to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network statistics for a network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  deserialize this stream 'json' .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock mock mock use of the finder .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  generate singular paths to match the output bval .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  given path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is treated for requests to get an email registry .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  return the current context for a given context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of returns from the given list of values .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  list the filesystem mounts .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert a string to int or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds a spelling to a set of spelling in the fieldnames .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an super with a class with a deprecated set .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add coerced to a given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the process ends with a runw .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for notify constructor .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  shows a permission request to the given api name .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows a list of matching the user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment from the current environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  retrieve the text of the current request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a network field for the tenant field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h to compute h .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns datetime .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test preprocessing for stop_on_first_crash .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a tuple of default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the ecobee configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  checks if the python interpreter is a script that contains a valid python 3 .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test to ensure the table returns a heading .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump the network on a node .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements in the input list .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the line is in the word .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return art information for an album .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  asynchronously returns the entire rotation function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used by image_property_create and adding router message to it .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of an array of circular limits .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  create a list of the longest value of the given list of values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a string with the current sites config .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate cyclotomic cyclotomic in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print host details .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine the user specified by userservice the lti launch has an lti account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  returns a function that given a sequence of arguments .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  given two expressions .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  ensure the health state is set .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple wrapper for sending an ipython frontend .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for a string .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get one of the effective router router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  utf-8 to make sure that it is utf-8 and that it can be encoded .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create new incoming loop with the given exc_info loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  set a state and assign state to a given length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns the set of pyenv of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an obj header for mysql header .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date format as a string .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  horizontal laplace on an array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  parse the expected list of tokens or a list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  a fake request to send the queue to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load a template into a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  accounts through event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns an integer representing a python number of python 2 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  helper function to run a bash shell .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a timezone aware datetime or an aware datetime instance .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar size for a given email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event handler for azure .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a string hex representation of a hex object .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts for models .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  check the header line errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  check if listening_ports is available .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function for setting the name of a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initializes the given stream for event .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a name into a string containing the name of the python object .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for the recording subdomain .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent on the system name : string the dataset name of the dataset recursive : boolean try to destroy destroy the dataset recursive :
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  take a string as a list of whitespace and return it .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset for a given formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return full error status .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects logs and configuration logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check if otu maps two email .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows a query string to add a form field to an existing field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  the restful document for the documents in the documents .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  get a hypervisor by service .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  the configuration of the network device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract dictionary from a pcap stream .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  removes the first information from the command line .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an integer daily bit after ftp .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  only test if value is a string of type within the list of values .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the listing of a given filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the l2 population matrix of x and class .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the network config or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists as a pdb file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  tests that value is a delimited space .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap a function with this default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or not an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get the logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  set and retrieve a header of response .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new minions for the given job returns a dict with the given minions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a n5103060 version of :func:os that is returned by the user .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a list of path strings .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  decorator for marking a task caches in the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get splunk information for a given profile .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  imports the named object as a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse primers id for the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the normal pdf that contains the normal distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  ensure that the basics of an existing conf .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return a partial exception object .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the key this pyfunction returns after calling its type .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  return the path of a mercurial tarball .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check if the email address is valid .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items specifications .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process gl gl .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  returns an iterable of whether each section is in an hex or not .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  expr_stmt : step .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  build out the specified test client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return a generator that can be used in a graph .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  add gone to a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a dictionary of given values .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that the modules has all valid modules to load .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  converts a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a signal field .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port bound for a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a restore filename from the current working directory .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can can can can returns now .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry to disk cache in the given cache directory .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns the py2/py3 hsp for a given hsp and type .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return the lms and status of the given matrices .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file should be an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function will action to be performed with a dataset .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  received html page .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  if directory is installed .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  helper for creating and integrate a process .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers located in a task located in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure the students certificates for receiving students request .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the specified service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products with the given values removed .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  the python object from one given pattern/regex .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates the incoming incoming categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  create a core dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file path of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  remove all methods from the given suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a diff of two texts .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  the cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  if the xpi .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the file path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named alias is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  open an listname .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get information on a vm by its name or a list of dicts: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the command can be run .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode element if the elementnode is a elementnode dict .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  access a new dict of a search data structures and not blow the dot product with those regexp path .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns the value of a given config .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  verify whether given keys is a valid domain keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string as unicode string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an apiresponse format as a list of repository tuples .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  authentication password nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a def key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute nodes belonging to a fixed ip .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check a audience from a dictionary .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  writes a file descriptor to disk .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a root key for a root key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates updates exceptions for an entire scene id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  create a gf(p)[x] polynomial n random arrays .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether given host lun id is available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  clears the unicode string to include the parts of the given data .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  instantiate the default context for the current site .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a string of bytes or .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  history super .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin is in the series .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a c list of chunks .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  computes corners as a nonstandard tensor and height .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a formatted timestamp from a timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the local arguments .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  return a directory where it is a lesser test files for caching .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check if an event is valid .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  get a context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  wrapper for the courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check the given exception is in the cluster structure .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  create a new pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate the benchmark score for a benchmark episode in the benchmark .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of the bottleneck release for method .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the nth axis of the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  pass options from the configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  use this function to execute the promotion and sets a unit test .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the rst for the specified files .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  imports through a .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an parse query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a new theano subnetid with constant terms for x .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  create a filename to be used for the given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets unit name associated with a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the unicode text for the given list of items .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return whether or not we should enable errors .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal matching the g or dictionary .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new random blank character requirement: * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  handler for proportions_chisquare .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a decimal format to decimal format string .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  standard deviation .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  return a generator that yields distance between the given golden .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize a class .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given function at the given array of the given array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a roidb of training .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  open data in files and open in normal .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  the minion is available on a system .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns all unique values of the parent .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  create a temporary directory that does a temporary file have a temporary file name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return data for a system .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce the paired for the given test .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call chaining with the given arguments .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a dict with given values removed .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook for a mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle login from customer .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  returns html string of a doc url for this project .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string of recurrent: .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a permutedims of the permutedims but renames a multivariate multivariate sign removed .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  produce one of the given list of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a new tag .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of plot commands and colormaps .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an object can be instantiated .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip test if configuration variables to be created .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  decodes a sol value .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed for the given system .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate if basic action is valid .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x in the window .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a helper function for :func:textwrap .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  generate the mode for a given table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  test single 3d separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  translate two windowsservice .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  plot axes plots for a restride type .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders and returns the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this is a helper function to find the first value of mu .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  searches all python modules and requests .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  sets the qos_specs names as used to asserting a positive integer or minimum the tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by the locale encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  help function for .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  given a css css css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  tell the user git checkout .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test that a table with normal table names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return a min cost of the neighborhood of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a string text to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  returns the index of the first element in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider facts : provider facts to update returns: dict: the facts dict updated with provider facts updated with the provided facts if set .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the module as returned by the command line and initializes the rate library .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to another server .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  dynamically get a specific format type by a specific format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get all the locales according to the given config .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new component of the button/link with the given css menu .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert a move in radians to a single positive integer .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the provided keys converted to the dict .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float by copykeys .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  create a property into a normalized protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests using a numerically stable reference test implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test the c-contiguous traces .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  add to the given xml tree .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  returns a dask dataframe to one of the categories .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the git where the git is the revision and is the revision of the element .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a random string .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks that the versions for rar is being installed .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  traverses a hash for the given string .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns a tuple of orig_vec from a binary in the minimizes e .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor of a person entity .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two vectors v .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  returns the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round a float using rounding and return the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send emails to a user email .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  set sys .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  return the dictionary representation of the given dict .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  add a new writer writer extensions to the class .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  make a call .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to a given request backends for the given notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an endpoint description from a given certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of a file in a background fashion .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return a gcode instance .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create an iis directed graph for the given target and then apply the socket .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from svgreader .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  helper function for getting a reply list .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes file like tries to be overwritten in paths and tries to find .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  called if the user is the same as the client .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to put the specified host system for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta using the supplied meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  this command line command-line interface .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of gpus to the given number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all the directory for a given lib .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  decode an integer from a twos unicode string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  returns the time zone as a 5-tuple .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure the user is not solving to the valid uncpushd .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  fixture that returns a temporary file that will provide a single temporary directory .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method to get a list of user partition and return corresponding to a given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  helper to key entry point entry point entry .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an equation order linear differential equation with linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a pil image for disk .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  assert that the cms for the given page exists in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the integer into a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the given data file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw flag .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads a configuration file and validate it with the specified check .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a file from one filename to another sample filename .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a involve block code block in the given variable .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the current mtime directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the staff user has staff staff for the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  returns a list of media files of media resource .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document from document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  authentication for the current user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping ping .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only works with the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test preload annotations .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  return the path to the calendar .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides the iterator over a given file-like object .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  converts a json result to a file .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  parse an rfc822 .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  wrapper for simple data that allows us to split estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  removes outer or fqdns indices from the output .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  remove the check with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  return true if the validity is .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  writes a command to the specified input output .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a book is a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  get the default values of the current image .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any time from ax so that it can be recorded to work .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  address -> str return the ip address for the host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a admins if a wrapped function must be used .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration type .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set the user-agent for the connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the datetime object for the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update tp .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  create linear linear solution for forward solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  converts an image to a binary image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  find the value for the attribute dictionary .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  updates an invite to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the block onto the specified block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  computes the squared log-likelihood of a sound using the harmonic plus residual model .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parse a multiplier to a multiplier .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  get a given slave cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the logistic function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstalls a plugin from the given plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the cell list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  create a service description that will take a l{ireactorfdset service description and return it as a matching reactor .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the cumulative density function for a given decoding epsilon .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return a list of quantum_port_id objects describing all visible groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  create a torification object for the current thread .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  helper method to execute locked off locked as an http request .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by the javascript command line options .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc utcnow .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the full clipped distance matrix given a dense clipped string .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge files .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  prints the native tree at the given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test verifies the top_filters class .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with pkg .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the basics of the application .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run the synthetic jar command line for model_cls purposes .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install a powershell handler for mapbox .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string from the channel mode .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  waits for the connection to be a rising/falling socket .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph g with one or more g .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if a string represents a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert the given version number to a tuple .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  converts a python time string to a a datetime object .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the unicode representation of text in base64 .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a directory for the given permissions .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function used to execute wsgi application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a function as a dictionary of functions .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the line number of the line containing column names to an offsets list .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure that a set of numbers are used to seed :arg byte .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode a data as a bytestring .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  unconditionally test for url this module .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the setting for the given setting exists .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph into a set of values .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the current request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  retrieves the return true if the fileobj file can be run as a file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the options and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the instrumentation for a locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set metadata on or the image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a digest digest for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a list for linode api .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a parsed config object from the configfile tree .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class of a namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate an router to be defined and return its router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  handle clicks on the given master id .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get all the form of the given function .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  give the black solution for a given batch .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns version of salt .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  return a regular expression object .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a synthetic string which includes a total error .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create a new extension with the given name and m2 .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of two blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config from a training file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  updates all the data that provided field with a different value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse matrix .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  this function returns a tuple that will be called with the given state and will be returned by the given state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  configure the input for a specific file .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  => data nonempty .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  create @rtype: @rtype: that mimics mimics mimics .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when the temporary file starts with a local file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  construct a single webelement .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  returns a tuple for a given argument .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list of types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  return the email for the given recipients or cc .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  test to make sure the given error is raised .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  hypersearch that supports the given variables with a specific callable .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a caller by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version is not supported .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the absolute path to a resource uri .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a cluster in the db .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns a node describing the given tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  return unicode uuid from the specified unicode string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current policy for the user via the host .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  download a comment form for a given unit and a new submission .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a schema for a given project .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of words that are equal to hold .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  decode a string or unicode base64 decoded hex string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform an object into the expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks the existence of a mapping file .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  return the descriptor .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a sorted copy of standard normal form .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for a method running in the name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  try to get the dimensions of the repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  this method maps the unstructured key pipeline pipeline to its prim pipeline .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  return the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates the document against all documents that have been reconcile .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a date/time value and return a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request and a context object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a text and return a list of software .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert a list of sequencepattern to a string .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an http lines that contains lines of a http header .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  display a figure and save it to the figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in and out are html files with data in and out in and and
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete a exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all unicode entities .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  returns whether to loaded from the given user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  this function will run a command as a shell for the channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert a string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test a process with a secondary off .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a string representing the access sandbox sandbox name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  used to test filenames and return a list of paths for test cases .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the given url for the current site .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data error .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher key exists in the response code .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression against a predicate function .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  create a known public paths for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  return the upgrade response for a service .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  returns the total clip of a blackwhite image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments feature considering when the table of a feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator registered for given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the given timestamp as a time object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the given lshiftequal is a global statement that we pass in the order to any data .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  this is a helper function to store the image in the image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize partial playlist name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a serialized form to xri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels are properly properly .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a list of comments for the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the environment pythonpath for the current environment .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  shows the user to get an oauth url for google cloud provider .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a generator that yields lines of a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a new security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  let let a file .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read maxfilter-formatted the tagged files .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  given a local inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the argument value for a string .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return a boolean if the given ack is a valid amount .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  helpful friendly reading to handle scopedcontext .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of service_type metadata for the given document .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert an email address from the given source to base ip address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  get the name of the computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute the vector of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  sample elements of a sorted array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  compute the completeness score for the individual two labels .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on the bio .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get a name of the file type .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a hipchat user .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans a directory and resets it to the given tagging directory .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  custom event handler for authorization .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  list all features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  score can score .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return the path to the directory where we are .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns: the product of a sparse matrix .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this is quite slow is not cause any errors to be able to compare the visible errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> string return a copy of the string s with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  return a boolean indicating whether a path is a drive specification .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this is a file system state when a waiter is listed .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  generate a generator from the items of a series .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a string containing the folders of the julian .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  get and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns without in-place of two quaternions vectors .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a trunk to the output of each port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier and the classifier which is the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a target identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the distances of the element along the curve curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode wanted remote wanted by wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets the current users client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change and extracts the routing_path folder .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  determine if the object is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator to patch subclasses of a class on a given class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests that verify the various available for intermittent functions .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  remove the application from the request .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the command line contains a valid call .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  validate a root device names .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  should be used as an decorator that instructs a lazy lazy caching .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  thrift : service identifier { hashing } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  goes through all the files in parallel .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes a l{sol} to disk .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  returns the user and profile username for a given username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is a list-like string .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  run an image on the contents of this project .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode object to unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of length barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return path of "ls latin .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter the access token by the provided ref .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  return a string of the sha1 key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively delete a directory tree at empty directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource to be used for requests requests .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  iterate through masked values and use for args .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack an object .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper function to build a rule rule object from a given port .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  returns the name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  test that the log file is initialized .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  this will be displayed when the main process is complete .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple containing the version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  retrieves the first yaml graph .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the gaussian frame object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test there are there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  use in a graph in the form of a threshold graph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the first index of the values in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a list of tokens into a list of tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the start and end pointer of the collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  verify that the provided string represents a valid ip address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return the localizable attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  provides a boolean indicating that the name is an shim on the language name .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  break the pairwise neighboring between x and matrices .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  return the last word split the given path .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the creation creation time for the given volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  calculate the correlation coefficient and loss .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  list lint encrypted commands .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  returns a tuple with the modal backsprite .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode some base64 encoded value from base64 to utf-8 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the given string is a color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add a source to the sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  this function is used to transform an output message into a resulting file .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process offset .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given filename .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  return a list of fully-qualified directories and deps the pipeline .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read and return the text .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  event handler for event handlers .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric metric for a project .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this function is called right now for any partial version of the api button .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run the most recent programs .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute cross-talk functions for a cell last permutations of the last two permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a basefont with a pandas basefont setting .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first column of the undecorate .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup a hyperion server remote .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the a locale code .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  delete one document per marking slave to another node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments and their status space .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  generate a unique vulns for your db .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  sync zero-crossings cleaning .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  run system command .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  called on the given service .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a list of names .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes the string s so that it will reach the given html .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports for the job requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns a flat array of the precision if a numpy array is a valid output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  get a list of dicts for a resource .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the color with the given lexical form and pos .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load an extension dictionary and return the module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a case-insensitive function have all nested sequences .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity environment .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate a list of their ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the given depth for the given depth and add nodes to the specified depth .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  aux function .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given data hash for a given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  return the changed files that corresponds to the configuration .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all instance type extra specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an an output formatter .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with the search modified contributors .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  possible star .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  mandatory a custom subreddit id .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  add a new to the course .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a random keras array with the receiver-operater distribution .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns public code for given http or text .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if isgitlink is a ldap server .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  dump info into the log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize that stream_dict["name"] .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generative *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create a widget widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for getting translations for appropriate translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a valid context as a trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function is used to _parallel_build_trees because of code is called from a list of automatically deleted on a system .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  produce a self-generated structproxy representing destination .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  returns a string with the given url .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the host from a queue .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build up the contents of interface script cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder a dict of two used as used in a way .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a single string .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  allows an instance until it does not return a rabbitmq instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  given an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  a function used by :func:polib .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render the form errors **tag name**:: **parameters**: form the text to be displayed in the form .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all the current global ui .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  sets a callable for a given property .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return string from a valid json tree .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  make a fake request because grading code expects to be able to look at the request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return the permission document from the given file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  get a string to be a file .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a string into a safe version of the youtube text sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return matching base file/folder names from the given list of options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract the nodes from a statement expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  get the cached cached trees for the given path .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  returns the value of a config key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return a function testing for the given function .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user to the htpasswd file using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  starts a notification on the minion cli example: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  if the given source ends with a static file name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the point inside the given segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a cib-file of library paths and add it to the global search paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  creates an enrollment for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes a number of rotations .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that a finder only replace a finder .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any blog categories associated with the current context .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  return a list of the names of the given names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and append to bitpacked .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a will return the url for the given user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the indentation level .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  format an object as a string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write row** and non-nested class .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx approximation of the entire approximation of a gaussian distribution .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the gaussian density estimator for the von mises distribution .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tree is none .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message with the private key prefix .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  construct a treq-api cluster certificates for the given cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  if the old style build attributes is equal to another .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces a form hmac form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  create a qt app .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_value : intconstant : dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generator to find all defined rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a header length length from a list of groups .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  a of strings in the native encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate of current certificate domain to install and unpickle cert .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  splits a tuple/list into roughly by the given iterator .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  factory for creating a backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  abandoned baby .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  extract new .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create new content that only used to make new content .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  replace directly on a remote server .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that stripe is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read egi data .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call available console .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test when set .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return text with a diff value .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  returns a datetime object for the given datetime object .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set a given object to a given context .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  returns the given exception string .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list with the current phases for a given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if we can be set on this system library on a given package .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a new plugin class to be a temporary service .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url for the makes an http page .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get an array of pattern strings for use in the string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parses a 2d list .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  applies a list of tokens before the quotes .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create a new cell between empty and the values .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from the given security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_openblas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  divide list of size chunks from a list of size .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  updates the message .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a data structure with a url that is already been added to the given max url .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  this function returns the path to the journal key file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for summary view .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  return the yaw .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  allows you to test the expected jinja operation on a specific input .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a client .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  checks that the policy can be valid based on the request .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record ownership modified .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib version of obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract metadata from the given action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  construct a ccx of the current ccx for the given course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %%prun ip reset nvars .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a wsgi application which sets the expected response .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the tls endpoint .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of users email .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return the vms that should be attached to the datacenter .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a domain name for the domain .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  to send the u'post when a user has changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  return the size of the current remaining position as a number .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  load the click box for the specified css .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return the unicode character .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a threshold arguments: window : 1d array of image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of first loaded function .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a permission grant from a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  converts a nested dictionary to a flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta to make it readable by the english service .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps execute a timestamps command .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a node of functions to load the specified xml networks name .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of nonisomporphic bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a test and exit with its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read qimage data website website data for binary file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a txt .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  preprocess fasta files using cluster as input fasta filepath .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test whether the given strings are equal .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a queue that can be imported in the shell .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the unix socket of a path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no other function .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string with a given string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the environment for the jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log calls .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the facebook invite for the facebook graph .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain object as set and objects .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  detect all the baremetal nodes from a list of their full nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a form field .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a list of dns .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage produce a coverage matrix .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  returns a list of the user fingerprint .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the lead range .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of --skip-requirements-regex scopes .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the status of the parent object to the parent directory .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate a command .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute directed path between two nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a centimeters command .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all data from all directories .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if the object is an instance known .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively scan a timestamp .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace python dotted path with movie one .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  generate a controller controller from a euler module .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to a boolean value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap either a default gui or a can be a variety .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  describes the time series .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  properly handle callables .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse process for an arma instance of a number of features parameters response : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a validate validate that can safely be found .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn off or incrementally off of pound .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of masked data .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  takes token token and returns an http headers .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the main global unicast address associated with provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  converts s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return ansi color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  get the timestamp in a database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all vms on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get the version of the revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture that checks for httpbin filter .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  do an meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a method .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  returns a tuple of tracks in an interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  start the signals to the nextevaluator config file .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert a number or a string to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the number of committed args: session: : a rational number of coefficients .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test end up to end files .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses an http field and returns a datetime object .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer from the serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  return the default template: object .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write pnm file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a list of tuples of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  get all linode ips for this linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box by tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a year for the given locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  return a list of tasks and time tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the given mean and return the mean instance .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  retrieve an oauth client object from the secrets database .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the implementation .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a json web handler for a given model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return the first id of lines that begin a given line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the r-ary correction statistic for an prox .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a text transform into a list of numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for a method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get a fallback locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that a function is called by a counter_type test .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  determine if the line is equal to the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  restful crud process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  using pip upgrade from a package .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on the current system .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  create recursively fix a file and delete it .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a contextmanager that paginated the right block input for block input .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return a list of the minimum distribution of n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  helper function to return the amount of a string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window with the window idx .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  registers the default email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  sum -> expression return the result of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  given an identity identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  declaration_specifiers : exclusive_or_expression .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a graph of countgraph to read ifilenames threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert the course_id of all finite and finite .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  takes unquoted string which may or may not be quoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get the course and check that the user has been deleted .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the results of a dict that private key errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  iterate through a twill backoff by applying a callables to one or more complicated .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  fetches a standard dispatch from the given high_id_key .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake fake fake groups .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse the packet list of a pyrax request .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if a loop is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get all the schema that a schema is made into their database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding needed to check the file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get the debug function .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  given a field type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports ports group .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  building the eigenvectors .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  return the current time of a function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and comment_id .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate database to the current database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  simulates an http response for a wsgi response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode an string in the series/index using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function takes place a sibling of headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  returns a dict with the message location .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  push a user to the root where m is the node was removed from conference .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : symbolic expression to be triggered back to the client .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper function to copy the output of a urllib2 .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  remove the dipy site .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether the tests of assumptions are both in the correct and thus .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets a deferred for the given maintenance maintenance function .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  ensure that the given file exists .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine whether the given key is present in the local key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert tokens in a dictionary of tokens or a token token .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a email address should be renewed or not .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of the git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse image with a page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the image in the given head html .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  computes the area of the normal package calculating .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  given a pil file and added demultiplex file .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout fails properly changed the timeout of the response .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite for parallel .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to use .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path of the testfile testfile .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform any linear nl polynomial of an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an error to a depth-first-search error .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests that you cant make things an api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a assert that looks kind of variable .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all the directory where adapter is given .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  parameters task_name : boolean array of paths and coefficients .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download zip file from a zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit the git repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  tests whether a directory has a movie duplicates .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  return a sorted copy of the collection .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all roles of all databases cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test apiapproval epoched solution in parallel .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find an entry with or disable records for the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group policy for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  rather than watcher .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing - sets the nodes e .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize obj for objects not serializable by keyword arguments .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns whether two images are equal to a :class:matplotlib .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython ipython instance .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read the string .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document from the current server-side document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  a feature result can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  a context manager that sets the values of an environment variable .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file using the 20 tweets .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  sets the value of the kodi kodi .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  efficiently multiply f by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the details of a network groups .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  fully the alternative .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  creates a new record in ensure that it will do any videos .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if role is ends with an iam role .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download options from a hive-site file .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  append a path to the most common contents to the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  this method is abstracted twice : int number of observations computed an this method is abstracted than want to allow for some valid mark-up nobs_all : int .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restores a new db .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  format binary file as a sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the variables for as a positive file .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  check for a existence of two strings with the same name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handle the mouse event loop and save them to the event loop .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return before the vm is complete .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles needles by needles all needles .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  given a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a lineage for certname in certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the line with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents for the given module and removed .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of courses courses array .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  yields chain of same length as chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked a shorter volume by name .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the job is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation label .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  reads errors from the given xml file .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with information about a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  returns the current compute .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard or docked a standard dialog window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check for the large ending correctly .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  parse and parse a date strings or resource_view and returns a list of [] .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets the float format for the given option .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  return the package status for the current package .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type l2 section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to the api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update :func:pyramid from srcpath in dstpath format .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  test the subscription subscription push .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a set of entities for a test case .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return the zero dtype for zero or more tensor of the given vector .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptor object from media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  parse the af_inet6 code of a python int .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse the supplied purposes of the supplied service instance .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an float to a tuple .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a tensor of unique labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url and return it .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse the youtube logo of another songs .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the elements of a path with its aspath path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  transforms an iterable into a elements of iterables .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  returns the list of language codes for this language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the active time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  replacement for the directory .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  md5 hash of the given sum .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  prints all the transactions and enter the current value .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as the enter error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  require config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start handler for celery process .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  builds a dictionary of two-tuples .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal a private key for a given set of bits .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate an back certificate for students certificates .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to a vector of paths that vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row of dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  preprocesses a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  updates the provided settings and access to the list of header/value .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function is used to get the api of the given url and updates that it contains the authentication .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable and false otherwise .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  fetch all available files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute the compute style loss for a given degrees of the activation hypothesis .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  clears pyglet by resolving all available event on the current tenant .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that gaussianvislayer .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown style description and returns the corresponding description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied handler .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a list of rewrites: fields for the given series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  see :meth: .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  fetches the sanity dns domain and return the resolver .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict that is between endpoints and target[i] that are greater than 3 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  return an absolute path to a filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  samples from memory .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  gets a service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup all the files to regain them .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  downloads a remote command output using the remote server session .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  updates a query parameter with a query parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  given an object value .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the mean from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks why map and ensure shared position works .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  converts a given currency string into a currency format as string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  returns a list of the names of the given calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from the watch node .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  trailer if boto library is installed and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for the incident formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that the gcrs ccx works as expected .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace backslash and client_ip characters with version .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  constructs an leafs from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around an assignment .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  an individual class with a namespace and/or the name of the new class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy a file and all stat .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  return all lines of a docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the current site root .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required for all data in the database and put them into an empty dictionary .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  pastes -> str arguments: iterable: socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  returns urls for a url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete review file .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generates the number of ids for called identified by the given number of ids .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom state data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  get a block_size corresponding to the passed table & destination .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the weighted weighted array of data .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server and set .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit int from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-legendre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  apply a function calls .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a new line of the given object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a method so that its response is automatically from the current deferred .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the path to the given job id .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like mkdir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a tree relative to the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  returns the two images .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  execute the system information for a file located in a directory .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints the required information for a given user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a django data set to a .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to get the 2-dimensional meth .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash commands .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external minifier function .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator for functions that require anomaly errors .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product after merging the current sites configuration value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take the api parameters and return a dict of parameter names .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  adds a set of variables to a variable .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer events to collection events .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a list of the :class:sqlalchemy wrapper for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return between v1 and v2 arrays of a 4d v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  searches for a message and returns its results .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a positive array of bytes .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the matrix of a matrix .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert a datetime object to a string .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path to a relative url .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  tests that the creation of a install_scipy document .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return an absolute path suitable for logging by node_list .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset the cached language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  return the appropriate auth that greenlet fits file .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  returns true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a delivers for a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  return a dictionary with keys converted to entries .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return a signed content of a private content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  wrapper around the application command output .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes a directory from the original list of files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a database .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  generate filters for deprecated .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  return true if the named variable is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  this decorator enables basic indentation level .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a min cost of the neighborhood of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance theme with the given name .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return a list of method/ over the given brands and recommend .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the attempt to the given file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  returns a list of truncate options .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a debugging message usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add a system user to a email .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract information from quickstart-web or stream .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a wsgi application in a subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is logged in the request .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the cloud api .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  integration test for bucket naming issues this test .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  r^2 -> json json so that it can be embedded or has to be stored in json output .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  make concurrency bugs more likely to sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  creates srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  traverse the given child dependencies .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  configure the default letterhead status .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  check the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  searches the current vmx dsbrowser .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the list of filter .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  generate a reverse order by the item .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the answer log for the given answer .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  standard deviation .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and stderr to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all published in admin position for the ccx .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a python code .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  it compute logs how memberships are correctly for hour .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  returns url of the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compiled list of all filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks for duplicates of stored field of sparse mapping file .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  make sure that its a urlerror with a local url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  handle a new repository that creates a new repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  the topooptimizer from the output of the input nodes to the zpool .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django tests to convert django to the multiplied and resetting to the devices .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet subnet exists within the given subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  table with humans table for humans and normal table .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = ia + jb .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get a list of resource pools from the raw list of resources .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a configuration for storing a ordinary task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download version number that should
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes found in the logging tree with a single registration key .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a string to be used as an variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  a helper function for sorting and extra information about their value .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses a dict of sorted info parsed from the form: header dict .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the configuration from the provided dictionary .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return the number of leading 1 for a set of 1st with this algorithm can be interpreted as a presents command line .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  return a string from a python unicode .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  by default .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of the tool shed upon the received list of has_repository_dependencies values for has_repository_dependencies and return them .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current python version as a tuple .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns a string identifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that dim is preserved when a dim from dim is 2d .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  checks a file to see if it contains a .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  show the youtube youtube current search for related to the next youtube .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a connected graph using the chordal algorithm .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port spec for this process .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  turns a redirect over the service_health parameter .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory root .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  initial callback - invoked after the given username .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check matrix on the appropriate color dim .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images for an exploration summary .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  this check check if the object has staff access to the staff type .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper function to invoke a process with a c{maintype} of time .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  bootstrap a bootstrap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a web server for the given arguments .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted of a test classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  take a list of floats .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator factory for skipping a review review needs returns true if the function needs to be run in the review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  client up a list of known tags from a server or general tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode keys .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool with the given storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the url for the given flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  parameters x : list split returns a new scalar sequence that is not none .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  walk a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  this waits for the deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a file is a directory containing a python package .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  strip comments from a provided source into the debugger source with comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a copy of function .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the static html web help .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  given an array of zeros .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save and save a task definition from the filesystem .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a factory for the socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dictionary for the given addon .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all users by name .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  align the next part of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from a given cfn policy .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a textbrowser .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all agent build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check if there is a nofollow that contains the following date .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  modify auto extensions for a file based on the current user .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a string in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  construct an appropriate iterator of field nodes from a given field .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  ensure that the database at the given key raise a new location .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  generate a list of *all* for a plain text .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring fields from a service .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  get the prefix for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a new instance spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  adds a simulated caching to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the given node is a eligible node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the xblocks info about the given course id .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the ca ca ca certs from the device .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compute install spline within a neighbor within given graph .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  compute subresultant interpolation .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  gets a single composition from a polar tensor .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager with given twitter .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a tree for geosgeom_t over nested tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the list of sets for the given sql server .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to be used when the context for locked a threadsafe .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  in case of the stack is ignored .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the file-upload parameter parameter is valid and can be filled in a google cloud .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  return threshold value based on the given vector .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  the commands should be executed .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to perform a method or a method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an sample version of the given sample .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a regularized or more genelatex body for the given django .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  create a simp for the given expression .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class exceptions .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wed -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the given string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  create private x509 certificate from cacert .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  to put the specified host system for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  return a validator for optdict to all of type in the class .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a computenode or raise if it does not exist or has it .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete confirmation page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the nodes into a structure .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  process into a docker docker wrapper list of exclusions .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  linearly constrained minimum iir .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the switch logger for the given process .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton from handle igcd .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create a module from a set of common attributes: .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  wrap a function so that it only available .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  makes a channel with the given transport .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a static web filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs the jshint server .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help help command for each status .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  create a disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file or folder name to a base path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a non-editable extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  sets the suspend for the current thread .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  strategy for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when the python task is run .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the number of entries that are in a given sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  search for user in .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the correct hex colors matching a css regex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | orthognal .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  recursively processes given value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  return the central coefficient of an central variable .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a tensorflow .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the axes of the provided month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the unicode string of the given image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  computes the initial state of an initial state .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the top of the master class .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create the contents to write contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a software for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  utf-8 object utf-8 version of ctypes string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  this will download all available transcripts transcripts from the user and returns its object .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a file url to local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replaces space character .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string into a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  this example sets within a class .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this is a separate consensus imports from if-none-match and returns a base36 .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method to join a list of multiple tensors .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a number of seconds .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  recursively list the keys returned by true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function element-wise .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context of the facebook settings for settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  formats the output of the given index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  initiate a get request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit an account .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared mean of a tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a signal as a run .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  for use in a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  runs a python vendor on a django bug in another bug .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes required to strings .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return an expression containing all possible expressions .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns an exploration for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  entry point for the arguments .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve the hostname and address to a global hostname .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs lint characters whose ordinal represented by a string .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  given a list of paths and a matching module name .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  returns password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning a set of databasedef ids with limited fields for rendering the parent parents .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an array containing only the index } .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  for some strange reason .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute bitbucket command .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dict of dictionaries to a new dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset inset loops inside the loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  configure the given draft .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a utf8 pcfg file and return a list of renderer pairs .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test legend for polycollection using legend axis .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a ports device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a correctly .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a altz to utctz format .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert a new endpoint under the specified endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  run the directory on the device .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an instance of a symmetric class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the given profile cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key for an alias .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function that returns a user to deal with the minimum name .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get a list of all registered modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the approximate tolerance is completely given .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr certificate .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub for win_id tests .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in user .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a d1 .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  returns the current gdb hash of the given file .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  traverse the cuda writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  returns the *data* string for the given alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a l{deferred} that enables gmails for given length .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of flaskgroup .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape & .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the markdown text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete a given api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  it can run only the specified apps limit .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns the given value .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  create an object from a bucket to an object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the media player of the media_list_player as an integer .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  return the string for the given name .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively expects a serializer for each serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  resets the state of the global subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator that checks if a user has a staff name .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash mid .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  this is a list of all theano functions .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  the wsgi application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling 2d .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns arguments for the current module .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called by evennia .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a listener .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the user in a dict of images .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth coefficient of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  regression test for networkx .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  return a workflow instance for a given fqdn .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when a user has been registered .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user list by question question or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create an integer for a single column .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random string/key of the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a temporary file that should open the given filename and return its contents .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling http backoff attempts to retry .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a fits record format spec to a fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  gets a unique key for a resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is more than the indices .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds dummy dummy create new dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  escape the given error characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function by setting a csrf response as being exempt from a csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  things where the bcpy of a theano copy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  generate a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  computes the p-th of multivariate gamma along given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the user name of a user the user a uid .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  handle both the factory for api calls .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  returns true if the given lists have either a time-span or scalar .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  list of comments to access the list of those comments .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  its reversed view and get a json representation .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a text using steps from a string .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a network diagram in a configure file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a list of arrays .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure that the execution is raised .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get all the composite platform name of the filesystem script .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  suboptimal-but-better-than-nothing play seconds .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  if you should put a url in the url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends any given recipients to email settings .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the api running sabnzbd instance user == true will first change any the true will running the api running sabnzbd the url .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of text .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  generates all files under the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  make sure the invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  estimate transaction on a cumulative using dictionary vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of a list of strings .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  hashes hashing hashing and perf_counter_large_rawcount objects .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt lt expr | expr le expr | rule gt rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes an integer and returns the corresponding component of the component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  given a dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the base site url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  function to decide which func is not a valid threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash constructs a store .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  helper for reading a aggregate that returns a python object .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  deletes a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation and renders it into .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob directory and all files in it .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test for #4957 .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns true if the given lists is true .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the line of the 1-indexed functions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute metadata as a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  given an finish string .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  creates a backend for the stochastic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list containing the file names in the current directory .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  remove the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns the mac address of a mac address as a string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  this module is used to load a module into the module that reads the file directly from the given module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  new tax form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see pull request .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the actions for the given content .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the given sentence is a hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that ensures a transaction has a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the whitespace at the beginning of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  exemplify try to display a warning .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string value to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data into a single mapping .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if bracket is mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  filter out nonsemantic of the possible defined on the command line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all the current environment is available .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce given function .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check that the potentially .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from the given partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the full path to the closest closest file in the given path .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate a helpful error message .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a boolean indicating whether or not the given value is a color for the given name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  prompt the keyboard links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create and return a binary and i .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  turn on logging and closes all items from the logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an array of links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check for mysql if mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure that error arguments compile invalid arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  return the number of positive cases of x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the scalings retry - 1 .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  return the current user .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  returns the plot summary of the given oclh .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  collect a inner and run getaddrinfo() for all functions of their respective .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to parse a whether it is a valid specification .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  output the results of a instance .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  having a local server and extract them from that the given port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  verify if the given model is supported .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float by the values .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  orient privileges to main method .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an http request for a resource .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this is a shorthand for 508 508 .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return zcr for a frame or byte string .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  download a v3 table for the given v3 salt .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  verify that nictag info exists cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump the use of the config files to run statistics .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to a file: relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  copy data in the last implementation: of the last database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  take a query string and return a list of the form .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of localized objects for a given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a configuration for use in tests .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  given the project name .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  converts a sparse matrix to a sparse matrix in a sparse matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  create a list partitions for a given list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load a token from an application key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  called by adding masked bindings to their old volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read epochs from fif file .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag for the given task .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return the difference between c and vectors k .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in a given app .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the absolute path of a filename .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  return true if the structure of the shift-reduce structure is at least one of the given memlen and v are not a tuple with the correct offset .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  return true if the value is a string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  interpret a string as a host:port pair .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  helper method to get a default locale and return a normalized name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  sample a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  return the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  recursively walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  check the lineage of the block of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the default fetch for deadline if it has been set .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the current versions version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator for functions that require anomaly errors .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the current time as a floating point number .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex object correlation .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a password digest .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  helper function to connect to amazon s3 connection .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ssh public tuples .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return a dict of lvm devices on the moose cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json which publicly should be used from the network uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the network configuration .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for {}default policy : string username default_hidden : boolean hide default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  list all mongodb extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  a base64 base64 api .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the docker command for a given prefix .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the total number of the current thread .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a plugin that instantiates multiple threads from the given plugin and raising the result .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  a technical handler for technical .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert f into an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event instance .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return (short components of the n-dimensional components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the apiapproval of a valid field in a given curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search the pattern by replacing all matches in the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array with data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the first score of a unique_everseen for use with the markov .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean absolute error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a byte string of a binary string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an xml table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  add request to the request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  send a cluster to the sympy more than one images .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the specified configuration file .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new salsa20 cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : intconstant : const_value .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the current dag for a task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return the total time of obj as a string .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure a string object is a subclass of bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tuples .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run a full .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a setup .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves one or more connections from the application indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module importer .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the number of bits that are in an integer .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a generic function used to set the given tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get a new container inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download a coordinate from the given file system .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return the application cache directory .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  test yaml_contents of a previously created with a mnist class .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  rest controller - restful crud controller - used for salt module .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a unicode version of the given string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a block device mapping from the given image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator for marking a decorate .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a safe helper function which returns a datetime object for timestamp that date .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a simple helper function to keep the response .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  create a dict of issues issues in a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  return a list of all context info for the current revision .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  a generator that yields all the example files from the directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  this function will return a collection of the collection config .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add attachment_specs for function .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to return a decorator .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the pdf module to load the configuration object .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  send a new vm to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the general equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync modules to the current desktop icon .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extracts the load to a specified image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  calls the backend entry point for the given backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the postgres module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  this is a generic get value .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path to the binary string .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit with a specified app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check for service client that should be located .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost from a string .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  finds the cluster for nvp in projected .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single vector of shape with shape and replace it with the same name .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  the test case test based on plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  combine the custom language for the language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  given a python source group .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks whether two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe job for given job .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the double value of the word after the first occurence of the line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  the restful handler for a job .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a plugin from the user .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  take a normalized list of strings and normalize the same .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  fetches the shape of a drawn matrix .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  start a child process .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse an sample id into composite parts :arg path: id of an alignment file to check for a single line .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  receives an email to the accounts that was created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a frame in a given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  ensure benchmark: for source date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create and returns a json web .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the response headers we can parse: on the response and return a message .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  prints a formatted entry .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get an integer connection from a database .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  fetch relative edx modified parameters .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a device to a network device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the thread name for a thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  if the ctypes site is not set .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports the given file from the supplied filename .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test ask with an empty matrix .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an instance of the target class from the xml class .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : step expr | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython stream .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get the number of rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a influence of label containing decoded values based on host .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a file to a remote tunnel and writes version to the local tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that the a and m2 a booleans with bound .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns the number of all the groups that match a number of groups are processed .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup test environment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  helper function for returning a oserror code object .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where type is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  alert types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds builds a chain dynamically requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs to indicate a set of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  return a redirect to the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolve x and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  takes a list of tuples of the users that belong to a users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  make a filename to test .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  returns corpus from maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a long from a text3d to the specified tuple .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns the value of a config file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  hashes hash with the specified 59-character digest .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent pages .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  check whether urls are equal to synapses .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  set the shared size of a sequence of values .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  tries to discover the given sql server .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  given a clip .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns the class of a specific type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  register a function that checks that the given messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the given line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view function to disentangle timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  return whether the ipv4-address 2 is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a new function that can be executed into the python codec .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() and cho_factor() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a method object .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using the jpeg2000 method .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of stored emails from the user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  utf-8 utf-8 url .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a new .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone object to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  minimize a function of the arguments of a nonlinear function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the context processors defined in the settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context for all views as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to the file server .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parses the item as part of the given kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patches multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of the nodes in the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment with the current environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  return a wsgi file name for file in the directory .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  the object method to get an unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an hinfo table in the given table and a new version .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  formats the time to indentation level .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check if a given kernel is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get ec2 ec2 ec2 connection and then connect to the given connection .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract the timeseries data of a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  estimate the list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume front in the given ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string representing a number out of numbers .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the current location as a string .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct and verify the standard altaz is implements the same as the cumulative multidimensional from the right instants products .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get the signature name from a function .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a sorted factors on the rational rational .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert an character address .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetches a file from the guest server .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  this function sets up the security certificate for a given app .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates a test log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a store name the name of the certificate to be copied as a certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add an instance method to the methods in the methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the location of a named expression .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make an addition .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  generate ccpr results for a set of ccpr .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  helper function to add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test serviceprovideeditview a fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the given schema is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  return the queryset of linear csr/csc matrices .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find wsa:action database database in the system .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a given status code is passing up .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  helper function to create the address of 4 dimensions .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  it should raise a exception if it fails with the exception .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  recursively list all files under root .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set a model is used to test models .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a version of the entropy .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if title consists entirely of the given title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache image cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotregressor pipeline function outputs a fixed pipeline for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for the parse string .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list of elements into a list of non-empty tuples .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the total item of the given low .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check if user registrations the campaign can be created and service registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a block of text indent .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse ntlm hashes header and return tuple of tuple .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  saves the results to a given filename .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  similar to pythons set keyword names .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the given names .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key as a tuple .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the standard normal quantity for the order-k of a gaussian distribution .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement set .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  does the ordered list have a nogotofail .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two points .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will build out a bunch of signed with a shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  return a reverse domain name for the given target in the order .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes sure that the cross-domain works correctly .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer for the given account account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  gets the dns name of a unicode string .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  transform a standard deviation starting with a g+c value .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  determine if the node is a phrase .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and upgrade to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class definitions .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  return true if config is changed .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get a metadata document from the user .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates if source is a string or a other than a source file .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  whenever the sphinx-gallery passed as being the same .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns a dict of columns that maps grading to their associated graded blocks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  converts arrays to a .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob from google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  if the given source ends with a source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe of the pipe for any aliases .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  script for this script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a mock for use with the given username and port .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read api image information from xml element .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return a generator for computing a to b .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a boolean for the halt zipfile .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a network or return the appropriate result for a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays the students index page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a library and return a installed libcrypto library .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the css input .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  a wrapper around the comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator that asserts that a process with pid is called .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run a subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a process is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the default login class for the current user to the given user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return user_ids public activity query given the domain .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model matching arguments .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator that automatically methods in the current mime mime type .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a telnetlib .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate an object/categorical array of arrays .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes a list of unique id for a given local request .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the snapshots summary of the given exploration id .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  parses one key-value elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression < expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  sets the image for the uploaded image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list of struct into a pair .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to start the start application server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test convolution plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  make sure the url for local path should be ignored .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as name of the user the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this is a file system state when a waiter is listed .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for a given request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  a human-readable function to make sure the current transaction is not equal to the ping command .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number in a region for the specified phonenumber object only when it is an region type .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  returns the percentage for a character .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  a generator that preserves existing lines and words at stop .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format time for a given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does basic remote server to load a remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  returns a list of the first product of the strings in the input array .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only write a buffer or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that a requests requests have been valid .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  computes prediction accuracy of prediction accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  return a byte-string version of string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of subject objects and returns a tuple of cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  construct construct class names out of credentials names .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a shared shared shared shared shape containing a theano type .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection occur occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the current object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  this method will return whether the user has an existing cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create a root root folder .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return true if g is a mutating mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts clocktime to a context variable .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the degree degree of the matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  formats fasta specification of the fastq file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment moments for a given mechanism .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the dataset for desired datasets from the supplied desired implementation .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a list of urls that have allowed to a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  get the name of the module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic forum for a single topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  convert seqs to target_dict[properties] format sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  used in array of neighborhoods chunks .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a list of for the server and health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test case where the given function is a given .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs configuration for a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use the function corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  it can update a model with a update list .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  iteratively iteratively iteratively for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all the status of the given status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for c{version()} .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator that validates the default *simple handles returns a function .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip message and domain .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  checks for invalid operands with a single iteration .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds a user as a permission to the user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the arch currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  send a message to the response .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  disables user objects .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status of a group by the given header dict .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock on a scenario .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  returns first mapping of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  return an ecdsa curve key of the specified set of possible vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the last download_base command .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string of n with the given n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams coefficient for an ipv6 distribution .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a new hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  computes the hermite interpolation of the l**p and full parameters x : 1-d array .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  a handler for 404s .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the web .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of all python objects as a list of matching objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a row of labels to a dict .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize report for a given start report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return an error message .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write a stream or whitespace at the given stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the given filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  prepare a file from the pelican environment .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  add the current request to an ordinary server .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system is ready to be displayed .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  create a uuid from an l{iresponse} id string .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for a process id .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the first tree of a node and a given set of nodes .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve information about a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  formats a list of ip/cidr as a string of lists .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  this method is a backwards compatibility function to get the list of available auth .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of matching file-like .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a format .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to start/power on a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  a helper function that checks that the state matching containers exist .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  execute the state of the named package(s) cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a compressed games for the given file handle .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of bits in a given netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the argument name of a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render template with grains in config file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the backend class for the given backend .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  create artist mapping of code names to a block of suggest .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the distro id for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  validate that the template string is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the creation of a decimal field .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound from the wire object .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  this will serve the thumbnail through a file .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  fill in the supplied file and return a single filename .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if there are no monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts the message namespaces to a directory .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a base64-encoded representation of a article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose color of the passed verbose .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  replace invalid-in-xml in a python relationship .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  entrez segment matches the given segment .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a new wsgi request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the value of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check the new version for all available namespaces .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  resets django errors in the database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do the blockdevicedeployer .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  alternative implementation of the boolean array .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  given a dict of shape and a dictionary of the shape .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  updates the specified host on the given host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  create an extras config dict .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns the current line .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format the money for importing importing importing it .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  returns the cached cached requirements file from the specified requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to the paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generates a protobuf key for a protobuf kind .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a dictionary of network attach from a network config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  wraps a method so that it performs any exception thrown in the context .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses returns .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  tests that the appropriate format works .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create an form-encoded attribute .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a url if a path is a url or a path .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load one or more certificates from a directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over the format for a module .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  factory to get a usable from a string .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  this endpoint updates the ajax driven of a given course notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  compute the normalized mutual mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper function that writes the old version to the search_ac file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the magnetic field or electric potential forward in the last dimension .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  return a list of the most appropriate subset of file .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip id from invalid dhcp_option_id disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  configure an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return edges of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound for the center of a blockmatrix of the forward and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of support for the given dict of overview .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the *l1* of a number .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the string equal to the two token .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  return sympy object .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a list of all datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a tuple of the given host and port .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  alternative sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  various tests for a gui gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the conn object for the specified vm .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets a component of given ids from the component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a new floatingip cli example to delete a new floatingip .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the instance of an instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if there is available for any crypto util .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to serialize a python stream handler for printing the output .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  given a type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under revision control .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids initialized by integrating the given samples .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  retrieve the targets for the given action .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  helper function to add a new password to the user .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is valid utf-8 str .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote non-ascii characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize the specified security group to a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  for tip protocol tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: lx sort by inserting a list of tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  returns a vulnerable .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  compute the mutual mutual incoherence for each feature in x .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing field info in a translated migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling publish trend reports with gatling .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  used for generating rate limiting keys .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns a class object that is pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  calls the configuration .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the survey is marked to run a survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  joins the given html string into a url .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a limit: at different data in data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for running cross cross .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best date/time from the given time zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors across contributors contributors .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  index page: display all mass .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages installed in a given environment .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  converts a numpy array into a flat .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if the given request is an lc_messages request .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }isnotpresent' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the given interface is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  check if the user is displayed .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show all available bokehjs details .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  iterates through the ordered directory and get a parsed resource formats for the supplied resource .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a table of issues on its observation .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default dthandler .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the mock driver driver driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns a list with the ranfunc argument .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into a list of lists .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the score for the given iterator of the given iterator .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a dictionary with information about the named package on the system .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  helper function to takes a list of variables and returns a single string of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  return tenant auth url for a specific tenant .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  display whether sleep button can sleep the computer button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands if there is a string .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a new app instance configured with context .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns the fqdn addresses assigned to the specified interface .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a url at which a request and be sent to get the url of the request .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified module by name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that checks the user is supported by the distributed function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  the wrapping icloud is created from the post-processing table .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  appends a context to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the current server version .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current window for the cursor on the next domain .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp for display to a timestamp .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is not a positive .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not use portable .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and return a errors .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function which checks if the user has permission to access the request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  return dataframe using ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  runs the cookiecutter with no triggering the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current line number within a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi iscsi from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the vdi for a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if specified device is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test line stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  format a dataframe with the module: and return it .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test reading a text file with no padding .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a piece-wise format class from the color format .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the random number generator for the callers node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts a python string into a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute a sql query and return a list of dicts .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in a number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the reversed url of the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation over the operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check to see if a string represents a unicode string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a dict with the filenames of the given namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute difference between the left and target_image .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  lits network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  selects an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that the boot metadata removes comments from an optional registration .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this will be fired when the activation node is built-in .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a web server for a given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if needed .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get vector3 lists from the path .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a unique token using a string 16384 .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  remove a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the first match data from a repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  used to test suite .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  helper method for searching for a single instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization statement for a atomic .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons function that takes shannoninfo as a floating point number and returns the distance between the complex color and the distance between the distance matrix .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve salt user role .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  create a backup for the given backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return the number of days of w in a graph .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve the composite settings for this module .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check if the git search is ready correctly .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a bug of different up on a directory .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform multiple index definitions into a index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  class decorator that defines a known class from the class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize any string or a stream .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  test case of text attachments .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a json index for the given data .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check to see if a vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  this function is intended to edit the config file forced into the same config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the mongo variable for the debugging .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  common name of the attributes .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric parameter vector .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  retrieve information about the content of a url and return it .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the modules .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns a string using genesis .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a string is a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a argument .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  parse key=val .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list of configured servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  create a test chart using the given data .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the show clusters for the given cluster to the given cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  issue #672 .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function that creates a crop of the crop .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  create a g_{n object from a given model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse an interface given a dict .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  simply extract the function with the given tag and an optional + tags .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  make sure that an effort dialog exists .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  creates a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of the user .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the assets directory path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show the figure and display for a pylab .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  tests whether a phone number is a number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  get the parent of the current pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a list of ever .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style object for the given style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a list of random characters of an iterable .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  tests pydotprint with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extract environment variables along with env .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  delete all the data from a given user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  converts a datetime object to a string .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  return a list of disk to make it start with the given ip .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the frills side of numeric data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns from directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 word in a suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  the public interface id and last output of a psea file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but writes the shared nodes to the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  shortcut for the header_start=none command filters - which contains the same name .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output with arguments .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  return the correct original base class for the given file .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  like :func:textwrap .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path from the resource resource path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper for loops .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears accumulated statistics .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a tuple of all unicode fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call post-configuration of the with uncaught modules .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  the python implementation until newtype is loaded .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  sets the metric for certain metric rules .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience wrapper around keywords to search for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict describing all re .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data as a tuple of images .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  get the first macros in the compiler tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test adding points when inverse_operator are importable .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  initialize logging for the given logging .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  construct a datetime object for the given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  remove the given module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top of a matrix of the images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds the lists of elements in only one or the other value .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  returns an icosahedral status code .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns the url to be used for linking extensions .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the structure with the given http response body .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  this reads the contents of the file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path where the directory is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event on certain zeromq .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the null hypothesis is that the distance between the expected distribution and the observed frequencies is invalid or functools .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return its results as a string in the return return a list of files .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  return a inner geometry with the given set of possible .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the dictionary with aggregate functions that can be available .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a path to the package name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine by its name cli example: .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user has a given collection .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a socket to be executed and then allocate an instance of the given connection .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the username and sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a schema: .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the given objects arent a valueerror .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return an iterable with the keys of a dictionary .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  creates a tag from the next position in the c .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes a musicbrainz mouse files and applies a new one .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns target index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for html file syntax from content .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure that all plugin correctly filters out of the page .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  execute a sql query with the given job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  compute content of a unresolved tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove the given module from the registry code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string referring to a list of command or a list of unpacked .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a editor to the caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute queries against pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  pass in the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a maximum line of the side of the given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  this view should be used to jsonify .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file in a directory .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  a bandstop to extract a loop that yields a loop .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler for the given handler to the root logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs the pyflakes function across every python module in the given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  release a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  create a dictionarys key for the given kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  validate an permissions for the user that the given thread type is valid .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the given aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  validate the filesystem hash .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property that matches a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  updates the operations that was pending to have pending qos handler .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the code source code from a filename .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new semaphore .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if key is a generate key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a 2-tuple of the delegate .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  get the old connections for the current user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage by tenant for a given tenant and multiple data .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of mac .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of unicode addresses from the normal form .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer and builder .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  retrieves the commits for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the gaps of a given graph .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  returns whether to loaded the given user is subclass to access the defined method .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return a generator that picks a file and chunk the count data in resuming .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generate a random word of length chars .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  return the shape of a 4 array of shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  display a list of the variation of variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  using the job with the job with the job given page .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses soap enveloped body and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure that a docker app is configured .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure the blueprints for the loaded blueprint .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of dicts from a list of ints .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  checks whether a sequence holds identical elements .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  return the harris points for harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  return whether the current request is a ratelimited argument .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  create and generate globally params for specified file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculate the percentage of objects of a list of lookups .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link role to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  listen for browse_url events .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails publish grails duration for the project .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  validating a file given its name .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are running pyinstaller with a minimum of the same length .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the snapshots summary of the given collection metadata .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a view that uses test mime-types .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current application .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  authentication decorator .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  resolves a search property to a show .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  decode hex color in hex form .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  if expression contains a triggered name .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  check the internal err of the vectors .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the root root directory .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  returns seqrecord objects .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  return the luhn card as a string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  recursively select one entry from strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  creates a sequence of dependencies .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  replaces invalid characters in text with page_number .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt adds .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a title .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in the network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the labels and labels for a standard image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  displays the schema version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get the all the text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  there is no threading to unlock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a python object into a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a new source to the user .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  generate a mesh and correct gradient in the given volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an output file .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  import modules .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  delegates the comment for a given course_id .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template and renders it with context .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the logging verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like stream_encode_multipart .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid credentials and either a node or tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate the conversion of the user as one .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a occurrences of a task .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  create a reference to the repository reference as a string .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a given keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return whether the folder is hidden to the folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a full http range header into a tuple .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the array of any complement in the array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a dataset to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  replacement for osmesamakecurrent .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays a dashboard widget on the given module .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove the given name from a string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  setup argparse .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function checks for see if a string is a valid python code .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  returns true if all locks are checked out of the given lck .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return whether a frame is present or not .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns the error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered with a given signed .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get current location .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a simple notification for event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like a sequence .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return the contents of a repository or a directory .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert strings to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of equal size (k) .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to those topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of training normalization for the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a list of items from a xml text .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a simple living based on a given model .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  create a connection to a service allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  updates the data with pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  function to generate an array of arrays .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  return a list of positional arg from the list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  called by other q or other basic operation .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name the name of the package to be removed from the named hemisphere for upgrade server
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  this check ensures that the output key is correctly with primary .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a decorator for mutating mutating for a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances on the module .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: worker - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given activity dashboard activity .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a system path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  return the total total sym for a form of the current thread .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if we build a stdout when specifying stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check for valid and duplicate definitions .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  for use in a string that is a unicode string .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to the usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a space-separated tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  recursively search results .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  a decorator to limit a certain function to avoid errors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the first and cut it to a python data structure .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  any contributors in the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure that duplicate unicode works as unicode .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  require a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  use telnet version using telnet to the nearest channel version .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse the given command list of parameters .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  overriding a cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  tests that cx_oracle report sqlite and fnupickle are the report report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the given route name .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports the driver for the driver .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  fetch a specific get request .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  returns an iterable of unique html .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  translates any exception into a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return true if all elements in array is true .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and sort order by sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  calculating calculating a newly point used to test the logistic version of the logistic rational function .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks 2 and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  returns the index of a line in a set of column .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  update the calculators class with the given aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove default jobs from the master jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  a factory to create a class object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message to a string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a new adderror method to patch into a result instance that recognizes the given result .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  retrieves the event transaction id for this event cache .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  parses what to show the value of the given header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns the url for the given user which contains the last child url .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the string to a fastcgi string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  helper function for p-value .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse an authorized current commit context .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the given location is in the path .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base home directory path on a given url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns a list with the arguments passed in .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve the usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the input and outputs that contribute to wake .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start generating environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  generate flocker private keypair for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return row in a recordtype way .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine disk image types for path to image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return a list of image names from specified package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a message with the user as a new draft .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper method to iterate over statement over the given regex .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that the specified message is a string .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  check whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes the list of observed to a list of plain definitions .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  gets the user -- gets information for any text of the api .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy a file from a source space to another .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  helper function to go through brick calls .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file or preprocess .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create a default signal map for given name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a child command on a given machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the first kind of the given function .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return unicode string path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  create a string of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns the content of the given mapping file .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  returns the number of permutations of the array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature where clause of the given dimension is the harmonic oscillator .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run the validator specified in the class argument .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns a suitable message for the given app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available longitude] .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  inserts a am name into the given json-serializable .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the first html from a url and parses it .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named value is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to run the user to remove .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the gallerys for a matplotlib filename .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information about a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  replace all packages .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test whether two strings are equal to s2 7 .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the manifest for the current list of all addons from the database .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse the validator validator context and an optional error .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish the event calendar .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  sends a simple notification to the vm .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  function that serializes a float with a minimum arguments .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an model: regression regression problem with the following hemisphere and low .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of supported nodes of the machine .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  split sequence of integers into a string of easy .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  factory for credentials that creates a google cloud storage .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  deprecated : short .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  get the specified x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy source_path to dst .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  given a generator .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse a tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a bunch of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  create a list of prettytables from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by deleting the current thread .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to a single level .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return a dict of changesets for the provided tool shed to retrieve the received tool shed shed repository .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  compiles a service that can be installed and run tests returns a dictionary with the status name .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  get the current cluster class or a leaf .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  utility function to split a path string into a regular expression .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the first n bytes from the data in a coloured socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls the testsuite function .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generates a string of space-separated .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy one or more test files to media path .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes a position and returns a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send a simple notification on a htpasswd using the given system .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit commit .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  this creates a temporary directory that is deleted within a given dir .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  produce the default path for url_path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as a file .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign an arbitrary service to a specific service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a safe version of a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the files that belong to a specific package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the value for configuration inputs .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list all domains of the named domains cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  update the worktree worktree widget on the settings .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the current global scope exists .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author name for the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for people by skill .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ber(x) and its derivative .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to content in the main language to override the different subsites .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return the sum for a step size and integer .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  an alternative that will run multiple times .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with the given formreturn .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  most the special text for the given version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  given an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module rm .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of script choices for the current script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download mobsf for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator function to iterate over a single random in a graph .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the unit factor that have a positive number of resources stored in the setup .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that the cursor is valid .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates an instance to be setup via rpc .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts a given id of the given id to a new search .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory path from the class .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  generates a window: url for a code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project delete webhook .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a file system path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in a given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a list of tuples of the minimum derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  function to handle listshelves control function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test confirmation estimator .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return the exception with traceback .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: block execute a critical build step .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if the scenario contains .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  convenience wrapper for deprecated functions that catches extra errors .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address that yields ip address according to the given ip .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the merchant path and return a list of paths .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that diskcache .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return a resource for component .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  while writing the parent directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a networkx graph from a list of arrays .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this will log all the event for a user or continue .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  fires an entity to the given category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules setting from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  recursively extract a list of tasks and a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  get the access token from the database .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a string starting at given start of position start .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  adds x to the grid table .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace characters that have a valid column name .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  a wrapper for request_response that we have .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a randomly generated random numbers with same stochastic algorithm for each entry .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  set the console axis label for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  create the parser line .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  retrieve information about the first agent and return a list of fragment that are returned as a dictionary of the settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf view .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the semaphore ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last message was displayed in error .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  returns the given localetuple object .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql string to make a spot for a db module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  create a webkitinspector/webengineinspector of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that transform is valid .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  writes the given blocks to a string .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that a column that only replace masked values or values in fill_values by the values given in fill_values values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  this will patch the tests that can be created by the given values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the requested comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the similarity is swapping to be evaluated .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  scans the apps that matches the gettext with the given schema .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  evaluate a new state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run a python function in a dict .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file containing the filename or folder specified by the file name .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  there is no more than or less than once via a command line .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object is *not* is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  complex reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  returns the pipe line of a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock for each method that wraps cookiecutter() .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a factory function .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  retrieve the user for the given username or username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this function checks for an ftplistdataparser that was called from a given response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name or name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a helper function to return an object .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player multi-entry .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  create the given file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html tree with the expected and expected to the value equal to the tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  create and return a signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from a local database .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return a remoteinfo corresponding to the given weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  returns the error driver of the given error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used to get the xsrf token .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a naive space with the given name and a given ref .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this will hotfix the current branch and fetch the results of the dialog .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  gets a filename for user .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the encoding encoding that the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test sigmoid calibration class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  this is a helper function that raises an exception .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version of the project .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  l2 binary classification .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test that we can read table with unnamed bytes from templates .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authentication for user .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  updates packages .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a different domain representing d1 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of module names from a given list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the given dim along the given dim .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  produce the first event for the given event .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object is a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check whether we have peer access to run a python package .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes the fit mean squared to fit a fit field .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks that the user has access to the current password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return a link object for rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  outputs the contents of the stylesheet text for the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return the knapsack of the redundant redundant indexed by the user .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  this should import a unit function .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update file from file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a identifier source code string .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filters out for one of the given names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  returns an variable which apply to the variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  obtain the local cache of the cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new given message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a boolean .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds serial port spec for the addition .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  creates a confirms group of messages for our group .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  decorator that checks if a user has a specific attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of mnist vars .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  called from all repositories in the registry to their urls .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all broken test client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default pep variable type for grains .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to build a rule rule object .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event instance .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if a user has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add intersections of the loop to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  model_file_name model_file_name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the path for windows .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a message to a description of a given application .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the current locales .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an errorlog .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a list of subclass objects for a given nameserver .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common snapshot in snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  create a scatter map for the given object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from collection .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured authenticated service .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters covariances : the gaussian distribution .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return whether the specified kernel is a list of packages .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read and discard the response .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a string dev .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  tickets status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a collection of posts in a group start or directory .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  function to convert rasterization to a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test that a usage: file gets called without a first name .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates an interactive file from the module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns an iterator over a tuple of two dimensional objects .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  helper to get the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  helper to output the smallest value of a multipart task .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  retrieve the valid shells on the given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read user option like lines .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place the databases current migration level .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new test case where each url is created .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along with arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterable of items .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return whether or not the given error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve the logins .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  apache the vm current session ready to be committed from the server .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for py2exe logic .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an individual list of targets for all targets .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  an empty project that contains a store_fs with *name* .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  given an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function to filter the programs of a sub-process .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a list of command-line arguments based on the given options .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  return a list of the items in the active history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory directory directory return a list of all available python modules in the package and its subpackages subpackages :type package: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer optimizer make sense tests .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  returns the status of the current status .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  escape html chars .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  astropy a class with a :term:view callable .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  allow backslashes to clean the file path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  return a string containing the maximum of the text before categorization code .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string s to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return a list of objects for the given album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to class .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  fill the arguments with the given arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the default directory path .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download and not install dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the value of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  standard spawnd .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  a decorator for tests that automatically run the tests .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url this plugin allows you to reference a build as a dictionary .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  list the first line of the line and the output of the given line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  return a slice for a slice with composite composite .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of the given indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all data from a user where the user has exactly one .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a cache directory from the cache directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for wrapping a handler that automatically started a target application .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  given an environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get best indicator .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> fsync fsync .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compiles a client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull the refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the given path with a variable .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  concatenate an array of six .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the specified output .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the given header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to calculate the absolute deviation along the given axis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return a fast for fast documentation .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  displays a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a serialized message on the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  checks to see if a container is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of the distortion box .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or pattern matching the given string .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert string or unicode object to unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the size of the first descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  takes a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  compute squared spline coefficients for a var(p) polynomial .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the versions of letters to match the next time .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes a post request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test basic resample function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the major tuple for which the given version should be belong .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course assigned to the xblocks state of the xblocks xblocks .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test chart rendering with a none filled serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the real real mask .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two ranges a and b are equal to equal to epsilon .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  create a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the given file system is deleted .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start a network service service :return: the current time service time service service service time cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  handle signals .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the iterative images .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either the identifers tree or synth:<params> .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  select the list of supported language names .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  sync sync by adding keys found in files to sort keys .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell or operations .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the first match in a dictionary of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  create a zip file in a directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  when proxmox is run .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model data from the config .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the position of english to send in a word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  retrieve the list of the nictag via http authentication string .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks whether a given name is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  replace the 128-bit exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  sets the global context for the current user .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill powell .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  compile controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with xml etree .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  a huffman hook that connects is encoded with a parsed section of a string .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given the activities of the exploration ids .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new api service with the given persistence service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves the first order special order differential equation with special coefficients .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  automatically setuptools from a python setuptools setuptools and return it .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith distance between a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  display certname information from the files .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  generate the function for a namespace .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct the name of the volume based on the backend .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses uses the proper view for resolving section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  this function is a backwards function that can transform a series of strings into a series of points .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line index of the lines in the word .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the the the values dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  get all brew commands and return a list of thrown brew the path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  when given python source is utf-8 or html .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get information about a single signin request .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  format logger using a newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the number of positive composite numbers less than or equal to n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  extract time in seconds from utc format will be returned by truncating them to hot-wired later in the dictionary .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  scan for mount associations to handle associations .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  extract the current line from the comma .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows you to define "weight" on tox environment variables .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a scenario with a scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether two ndarray are equal .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts the canonical paths to a dotted module name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to python unicode string .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step log path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  display a figure out of script information from the master position of the function and derive .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes to negatives and negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  show a namedtuple of lines read from a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries the query and return an descriptor .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy this store store to a specified parser package .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  return a list of parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the given format have been configured .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve datastore policy for the given rpc .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  reduce and returns a handle .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this method provides a generator of parsed groups of a mercurial object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  represent for tuple in an column offset .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture that provides a lock and returns a lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  create a com object that can fire the specified signature to the given class .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid returns true if the certificate or false .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find a file metadata for a bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show and quick the common conda and in sem .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an object in the session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the steam with the karma -- a list with the given command on its lots .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when using a 2) exception occurs .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a users file to be committed .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  skip a test unless a database is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  given a directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the dictionary to feed datasets .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a beets widget for the given shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function to convert some seq-object string representation to html .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  create a file-like object from the magick application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  patch information about a source file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  this returns a tuple of violations for the given pep8 report .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  converts a string to a gettext message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns an iterable of standard extras for the given *p .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs archive cannot reference a history archive outside some archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  wal the bitmap dialog for a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative of every group .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  return memory usage of the system memory as a namedtuple .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a given file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb database or list of objects should be executed for the user .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by its uuid .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  construct the volume info from a dict .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a debugging page from the application level .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  replaces the given text with edit entities .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect a database connection from database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  create and return a suitable documentation .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  adds an timed exam info section to the course section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the given plaintext or a string of plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix from a tensor .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear least squares fit for a set of variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  scrub the jupyter notebook to the new class .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the message that the given user has permission to .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  imports code and private code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix some queue with the modules that was available .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is called every time as snapshots .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in the list dirlist is not exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  create a new special string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  returns the mongo .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit the git tree to the given tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  assert that two strings are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct a truthy attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dict of a leading parameter .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the url path to a regular expression path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  a list of matching users .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the prepopulated and inlines are shown in a list of prepopulated_fields .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the rate limit for this module .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  rgb to cie-luv .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the specified path does not have a local local name .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  handle command of running module or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the string select cipher .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the given url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check whether x is equal to each of the _2d_ .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify calling queries on subclass queries .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  this function is used to get the long description into a long file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  performs cleanup on an array of device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  registers internal trigger trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check if the status code is unused .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a new dictionary for a given type .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  check to see if given object is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating milestone associated with the given content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  stop the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  validate an encoding name .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception that extracts the given exception from an exception object .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  recursive function to find the first column of a given column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display a stats .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process and execute a default group .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image approximate image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes queries to add queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  returns euler .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  compile url namespaces for all namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the local lock .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename a file .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  converts a string argument to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  tries to load the version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise assertionerror if the request has not been ignored .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a fixed column on a specific column .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that ica types are valid .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  create a sorted list from a string containing a key which is a list of data from a list .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that the given vm has the given location .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  translate on the exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a string into an int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  translates the maps requests for a given dict .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  this function checks for the given filename .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the given gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  returns the normalized of the given probabilities .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if namespace is registered .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove the given files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the current status to the session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the snapshots metadata for this collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the application for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return a dictionary of information about the license license .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate a html snippet for a module .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  year/month a date from a month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  dumps how many arguments are robust to generate their error message .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator that reads a raw bytes from a raw stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create the compiler extension for a compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template for the given request .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function tests the appropriate proxy .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security groups in a virtual network .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the interfaces of a given name in a class this function is called as a permutation of the future and the rules .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  searches for a given search and a dict of target patterns .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns a random identifier in the graph .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a query string and return a tuple of .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a dict with keys in the given exploration tcp accepts .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for symlognorm through the builtin raises an unused one .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and return response headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of layouts layouts .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the horizontal functions .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the current mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership names .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  check what unicode strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode string representing the given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether an index exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  include a file-back method for a wsdl method with wsdl .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  force conversion of byte strings to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a dictionary of characters and their join data .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  finds the host for the given node .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of constructor as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  shortcut for storing tests .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of megacycles used for the request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  decodes a base64 string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  wrapping the old style style images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the default anonymous user .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  runs a graph against a given thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parses the format of a response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the colors_shuffle substitution with statement or basef .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal transformation for one normal distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  retrieve the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a user for a specific text .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  check if an image is part of a random image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with no tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract a tag from a list of tuples .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a htpasswd is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  import system import with the given path .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a layer from a string .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a direct object c{obj} to the template context for the direct django .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes relaxed average .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  insert the cache file and installs it into the cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get a media permissions for a media user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the results in the core .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two inverses style strings .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to grab the component information .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a second signal for managing images .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  update a computenode record .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all passed in the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the pillar is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of all python fontconfig .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  collect sucess headers according to the provided configuration .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to users accept .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  a view that can be used with a new request .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to call a character on a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  this is a wrapper around 0 and waits for the scripts call to get them .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of the path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  this filter function match the given regular expression pattern .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  this function will sleep the alteration of a set of possible characters .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a real server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of object .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance from a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an entity to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol for a symbol .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given '/enabled' key .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with the search text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a direct account to the primary key from the container policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  turn an argument into a long character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  returns the line to the viewfinder line in the output .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  returns the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  create a rendered report that tests the given command with the given name .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  look up an a dns record in the specified domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns all the users .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a xxdot by data .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the :class:stream for a positive instance of the given cost model .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fail unless the supplied element of the given test .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check to make sure the pandas-like attribute of the julian .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that assign a modifier to its function .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  recursively checks if the given function matches the given matcher node .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if xml_obj is a valid mac address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parses extra information to get extra files .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add a bound to the type of a type specified by the type and type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller - used by role_required autocomplete .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the right value in y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the object for the given stream name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take a list of tasks as found and joins each of them as a string .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  single inventory to delete one or more inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add a new certificate from a site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merges all packages .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host string .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a string which is used per url .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that value is a localizable requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a trigger type db object in the db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a running container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  updates the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get raw locales format from raw .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  computes the minimum wrapper for the current transaction .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run the command line arguments with the given arguments .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  the native file should be used .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for ssl client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  helper function to cycle the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting layer for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  display the command line interface .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return current minimum clients clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the given version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this function generates all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  returns attribute value for the given object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  takes a template and renders it in a description .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates a new throttling group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  get the name of the deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the template attribute of an attribute with the given name .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the url of the words that has a url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for yn and limitations it sparseseries .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create copy or build files .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  test create a l{reactorbuilder} that verify the jinja2 given .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded sha1 hash .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate the given module and state and state and state output .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  returns an array of standard jupyter info .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make a gem ruby .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  it should support triggering a bug that has an rgb file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  similar to the horizontal .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  returns the info of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a numpy/scipy object to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all the links in the sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  check if the backend and all tests have valid .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  helper function for getting nullable entry point for a given type .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get the matplotlib matplotlib backend names of a backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  context manager that atomically that atomically a file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from a file as a python source file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  compute a file content from a given tree node .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  a decorator for :func:joinedload() .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses the command line options and creates a tuple containing the options and creates a copy of option parser .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load branch to deploy to deploy .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the item from an item doc text .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function that initializes the function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a csv file from the given filename .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup global help .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes a zmq curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  coil a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  returns the day of the given day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate that the padlen is assumed to be valid .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the strings between two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  calculates the sum of squared to sum of a csr or generalized units .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  whether a resource is inside a web inside a resources .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  given a path to a python object .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order eq differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns an error message from the given error .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  check to see if a file path can be found .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the item for a given usage key .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for this file descriptor .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  return true if any item of the given unix subclass .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the frontend filter and parse the comparison of a expression .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  new agent form .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as backend_name .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get the path to the default containing the filesystem environment variable .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a string of the corresponding date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  constant_expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a context object or subsection auth for the tenant id .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  helper function to get theano shared variable across the root options .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate media tex links based on current footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table and/or and/or values from a table .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  dict of column names and columns .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the hex hex string .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  run a example module in the given name .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  construct a theano divmod .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  change currency to access to access an internal name .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call appropriate function and kwargs with given arguments and kwargs after removing functions .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  make a string safe to a provisioning object .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which is the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file determine from the file_name whether .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return a dictionary of our plugin names to use .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module of the kernel is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem types to another single filesystem .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  generate a unique attribute for an object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts a set of blocks into a new block of the same lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  creates a sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create a sql statements in the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  return the gaussian nloglike function as is 1d in the multivariate guide correction .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  ensure that the path is a portname .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively construct an iterable of a dictionary of attributes .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find all modules in our locations locations that should be be enabled .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name for the given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make an connected connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for organization groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a data at a column of its data this takes a column .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles or current user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  instantiate a class or list of functions that can be referenced by the methods of a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug for a given request .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new trophy .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe with other sync sync .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  make a list of dotted targets .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the requestors cookie info from the cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  return a dictionary of parsed index lists .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current machine .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  build a class for a given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes one hot .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  create a series expansion of the polynomial f in the series expansion .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum of a tensor along the given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a single html file .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  retrieves the current db object from the database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts authentication tokens from the item list .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  updates the state of the task in the currently complete task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  attempts to parse up any parsing the astropy environment variables .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two strings and return true if the same *ref* .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start a server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a default audio data for either a specific audio dict .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  create a terms with the supplied name in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing data in a specific minion cli example: .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  replace or error context with musicbrainz id .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the html of the node that maps the results in the given expression to true .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of the most recently .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  converts a number to a tuple .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  a decorator for making a cached model .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  check that two arrays are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  via rabbitmqctl rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is marked as string in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download an http downloads file from a url and return it .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the project .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the existing directory for the files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures all users on the minion cli example: .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets its snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  compute an n-dimensional distance for computing and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  create a string of space-separated characters from a given filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the pixel list .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  used to instantiates a raw sound .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an argument limit for working with retrying .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  given a config .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  check if the api is a string .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get a resolver for the given resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  a single bundle does the bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime objects validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the current requests .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  signs params for common use on a query .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initializes to post the given post or initializes action .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  transforms the given xml to its manage version .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  adds a hook to debugging .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an appropriate calledback .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for grouped by the given rho .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  it computes the mean squared variation of two gaussian gaussian .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a course_key return true if its a set of cohorted cohorted cohorted cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dict .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  return the argument to use in default url .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket is a string .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line tools .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect user information from master and create a valid master for a master .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  returns the number of args in a rtu .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return command line expected from existing facts .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate diagramm and return appropriate page instance for given show .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  we can create a random value with good id .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get an item from a queue with a return value .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a password hash of the pbkdf2 hash algorithm .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to its corresponding timestamp .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a new user from the api endpoint .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  get the output of a line .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  compare a symmetric array of polygon from a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  set an iterator that can be used by any of the filesystem .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns the main global unicast address associated with provided interface .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create a human free disk for a given system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete a token and all its value .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create a new exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run command line from script .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a skeinisoed gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface data .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the given user exists .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a dict of information about the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  utility function to reconstruct an object .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  a class decorator for setting the canvas of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  networkx graph g for collection segment and a collection of nodes parameters g : array-like returns auth : graph or path to the collection of the collection .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes or dataframe with respect to edge .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as rshift .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides the context object to page the page pages are displayed .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information about a flavor system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns a suitable .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  helper function to return true if the string contains only //-comments .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  rcctl(8) is only available on netbsd .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to json .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad a string for use in a url .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  consistently the last errors .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the cached non-editable .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  returns the number of seconds for a single limit .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  a feature missing syntax .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get the authentication token from request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict describing all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  set the matrices of an array .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy values for pregnancy pregnancy data .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test searchcommand .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  an arbitrary stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  this endpoint is logged in the list .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that generate tests for the given init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a pending reboot reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a function to display a multipart structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  unsigned short .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that a process has a partition over dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning an editable using vcs bazaar .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name returns a trail true} if the trail was created and returns {tagged: false} if the trail was not tagged .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  builds a ordered list of spans dict from a given bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parses policy from a datetime or calls of the returned date format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate that the remove contains playerconfigurationrequiresname' and their architecture configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of least squares .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read and return as a equivalent of integers .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio is a floating point as a function .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a meant list to a dictionary .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend the given path and returns its argument .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to redirect user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of collections .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the given string needs to be imported .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the scaled mag to zero or more references .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restores the top logging module from the logger .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  solves the least-squares .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask the menu to return a menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  clean up the module with authentication .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  return the gaussian structuring interval .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the user about the text for the user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  unpacks the arguments .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into a string of the form where clause is the first .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject globally into file at source .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set the errout .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute queries against the given query and watch query parameters .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that "stereo_motorcycle" .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  take a list of slices and a comma-separated expression .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  if the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  ensure person controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a use string into a list of bytes .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as a 64-bit string .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission that extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for java file syntax from java .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  remove a top-level funct .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get a list of containers for a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle click on labels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function handles client .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  converts a string to a number .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  make a string from a python object .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  clear out all of the data cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  return a list of sample info .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  apply function to the test function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path where the first element in the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return true if a string is a numeric scalar .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to use a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  parse a summary of a article to a user .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable using pip install .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  determine a list of events in the given events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  removed a save .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a symbol for a string .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  even when the event is running on .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  the vim function is currently active object .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  set the effective group of a specific user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all registered objects in the given dict .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the login dir from the current environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url for the given course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  return a list of the user with all users that have a karma .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  this is a new github version for the newer newer if set .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  return the ca signed ca certs from the google cloud storage .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  ensure a utf8 is a string .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at source level and link it to the appropriate url .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator that iterates items of the expression n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test the kwarg from the user_message menu .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  remove a review request from a fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the libcloud libcloud project .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all the lexers module to a lexer .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse options and return a dictionary of the command line .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  recursively translate attributes from the server running in the dictionary .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 cloud storage .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask the user question to happen .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse an integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a timezone string as a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  decorator to convert func to a queue .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  similar to pythons weak args .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref for this dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test that the function is initialized by the function .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  an os .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  global implementation of the ansi color noise .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate new single diff .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  a decorator that makes apibuilder tests of a function .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest available image of the current distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger scheduler .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save a given module as a remote server .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size of a number .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy gateway .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency the messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an latest version of the repository for the received repository the received changeset revision for an julian repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  convert unicode to s3 utf-8 string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  verifies that the command output contains the given command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct a string from an application object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column for table replace change in the correlation column .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start payroll for a given year .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  request vfolder response for the given openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named arguments .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return unicode representation of expr as a string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  generate the version string for an rpm rpm .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function to approximate magic functions .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the inverse of the strf .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns the first global or none for the given address .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  create an access token for use with the given id .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the index index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select a list of paths .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if symmetric already exists on a user can be skipped or if it is already in symmetric tree .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command as a string .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  this method is called to use a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  computes the l2 l2 l2 basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  validate whether the given ip address is a valid ip .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get absolute area of a vector3 loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  this is a proxy function to check if there is a isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  ensure that the given connection is turned into the cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  return a key which fires multiple subtitles according to the subtitle key .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  link to the results of a node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load the shape spec for two given shape .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return the first argument of a constructor .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue return them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates an input data and returns a collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate that the arguments are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing a non-editable from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function for searching for a given gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a function that returns the llvm llvm .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  sends a list of workers for the given style .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return the base64 encoded object for an object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  cpu is a multibody system of on/off .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert the type of keys in c{d} to a python object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a tuple containing a normalized way by a given iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  allows you to add some lists to a dictionary .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an entry from a given named key .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a batch .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  aux function .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  if the configuration configurations .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove the logged-in manager that will log the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a given url exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  selects a multipart authentication key for a specific algorithms .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the set of errors that have been errors in the minion .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  temp a file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  provides a set of state needs to be installed on a system cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the data for a clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check if a slug slug is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  escape non-ascii characters in seconds .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project object based on its acl .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  callback that measures the marketplace marketplace by the last iteration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge a set of hash into a new compound dict with a uri parameter and merge the original function .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  converts the tuple .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a people .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  given an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  create increasing in the increasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the full version of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set an x window system jvm where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  this page presents events to iterate over a given request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth variance of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse the given html string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the filter in a impulse format .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  this function parses the version string into a tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam arguments .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  for a sharedmethod forked a metaclass .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  returns the setter methods .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex path from a vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the return field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if s is a string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner patterns for a given image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from the class which is used as a string representation of the given class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  walks the response for response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  return a list of the package level file by the given language .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - python covariance should be tested for .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host to the hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform a stream record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  items view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  how long a new function is being used .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load all scores .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  needed for windows of an element .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  set library to use a specific version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return the most recent recent commit .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single locked forum in a locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  simple function to get a single string of a document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate all qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this method is used to return a phone type for imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url from the beginning of the given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven execute a build for the project .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores plugin configuration from the current cli example: .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split an expression into multi-line form .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return a byte-string version of s .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test transformations on text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  this is a wrapper to confirm that the packet set to the default packet .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  helper function to test if the object passed to the sequence .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  statement_list : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  returns a default .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine whether a given signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes a measure of the boxcox and plot .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  credentials the numa permutations for a given instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests that multi_constructor_obj .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  it can fix a script on a given filesystem .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that the host mapping for db .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to find an language-code of the system to show the system to show .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: values .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a url instance with the given name .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  do a checks of the flow is compound .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a post tree that is saved .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify an entry into the given python behaviour .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  create square indicator for a specified number of energy .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores all table names from a table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of supported files for all supported directories .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark document .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create a histogram summary .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  helper function that converts a list of virtualnics and returns a new object .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the given trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  maps the caller to a collector command .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the start= method .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default values for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  apply the global namespace to dispatcher .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure valid input file raise exception if missing .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get revision revision from git .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator that skips a function or method in python3 .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model that is visible when update it hasnt changed from a aws layer .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  generates the leading monomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the name of the module .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output with the given n .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if they have a graph and load it .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a string describing a vowel in the range of pairs .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the useragent .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure calling default .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get either the next standard resource mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  split a leaf or expressions into a normal form parameters expr : expressions or bulk_data .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  remove a user from the account .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  this is a generic view function to override an complement before_request .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  determine which a cache backend should be used for the cache backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return the desired configuration file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  finds and returns value corresponding to a given parse node .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  return a dictionary of paths from a given path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all the files which contains the given tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud acl returned by the given query string and values .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a resources section by its name .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  construct a number .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm abort the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:custom env for rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of the current constraint .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  returns an application that displays the pony with paste .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  use the virtual machine to run the virtual machine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for a mailchimp list to subscribe user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a given file is a valid image path .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a locale for this locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  connection string to a i3 clusters .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  wrap a row in k[x] .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for the module .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  convert a box .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test unicode characters with banned characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  given an optional path .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  this split status into list of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a lazy client for tests that collections collections .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the uri from a uri given a valid uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate a connected component of the graph g in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and directory where there is a list of templates dirs in the tuple .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve a quota class for a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  convert a class name to a list of dicts .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the args for the given input .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the longitude longitude to the earths of the earths orbit .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a nullhandler for the program .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add user as json queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of thread objects currently being used .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a single character from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return the indices of the minimum value along the given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator for methods that use the retrying view .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph represented by a turan model .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with encoding and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrates location credentials for swift uris between the images and other images .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  returns true if any of the marketing marketing link is in the marketing list .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the description of a series without generator .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  a simple pprint for pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get an sqlalchemy group of its dism one .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  defines the problem_weighted_score_changed strategy for events events .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure that the given vm is running on the system .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  see if the namespace is reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  build the error message and raise a warning error with the error message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  convert an html attribute string to text using the whitespace .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to authorize to the server .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  starts a command line .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  set a users projectors algorithm using the fastcommentedheader process .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign the given instance to the rating for the object model .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests that the position of position returns the angle between 0 and angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test that get_user() works even when stop_on_first_crash is not created .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for a pathname .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the mode mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  remove a group .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for six skipper methods .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the list of tuples of the courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a value to a tz-aware format .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the resolvers resolvers resolvers for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory named directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on the system cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number from an error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if environment variables running commands .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to update the forward object in a uri .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  expands a list of hosts to use for creating the host .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the date and seconds from the array of weeks .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  cleans link to html document .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to a python image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season exceptions for an entire indexer .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a queue asset key for current course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest tag of the git release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  remove a logrotate script for the logs that was deleted .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup the command list by name .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  search a list of elements .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  resolve an attribute from a mandatory or a class .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from millimeters to pixels in the given unit font file font .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  sets the application to be used as arguments .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the above tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from the binary string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check whether the node is higher this is used as an integer .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  called by the servicetester in a mt .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single test case .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the serial ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for a given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  read a number of pages .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the store store in the grains .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  compute the eeg average for a source space .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  register a polygon in a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  get the host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  return true if the given property matches the given key as any of the given property name .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  recursively set the given state of the from 2 .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw data as a delayed array .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get one query from the api query .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an instance of the payment and a dictionary .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  utility function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the size of the entity to be enabled .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  infer a string on the given versions of the given variables .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop command cibfile use with the cib cli example: .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  sync a user for the email address typically one .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a 405 method that uses methods .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  helper function to get an aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  create a host object for the requested dhcp .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  retrieve the cloud cloud instance .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  for the source directory tree .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the current library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a specific specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert dotted path to canonical dotted form .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  similar to lang_string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world platform .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  display all commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if text is a type of ascii .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based on the given context .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  this function is the dialling file .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  ensure that the given sender id is a bar sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return a docstrings for a given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the device to be used within a post request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the module as a no-op .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the backwards backwards or removed if possible is not given .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  return all the json score from the db .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  test to make sure the result of the given command easier .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  execute the given modules and return a list of modules that have all modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy a floating ip from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  dataframe dataframe to be a list of lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  fetch a list of targets that occur once the user is none .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces header for the source to be strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  helper for a list of pairs of their .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns whether or not the course has staff access .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository if it is true and the latest repository is configured as a dictionary .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract the tree of an html5lib tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just updateable .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all migration belonging to the instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  tests if a number matches the given cache number .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are equal .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator from a stream .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a non-escaped representation of a percentage source .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub indices along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask by mle a dask model to a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  return the cumulative distribution of a 1s object .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns the total .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link for a link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compare two strings and return their generators .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the network status of a nvp object .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds that have in a way value .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  check whether the given args is a valid string .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  creates a new api key from the given stage name returns a valid api true} the stage key : a new section_key .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are currently active for a task .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any alternative types to a collection .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  return the message storage object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  make sure the include_state module is present .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to inet server table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the first element in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if detected node has a given technique based on its fully qualified .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the case of this module .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse and return a course and a dict for it .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with pywin32 module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado ioloop or tornado image .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  a decorator that validates a function .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the container info .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: {{ sql .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  return true if the graph g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes corrected against noisy bits returns specified bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install the cabal package upgrade command .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  converts an instance to a dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return the task to be used as a background task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the current dashboard need to work in the context .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  change the should give a local memory with a local image .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  extract hosts and numa topology from given object .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and parse coordination birthday birthday .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns the first element of the array and last element of the element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  see :meth: .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  this method is called with the given indentation name that the user will have the boolean indicating the notation in the package registry .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes an object and returns a draft .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check the value of the appropriate key from the specified cache .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  build the gpg command from the system install and update its 'search' .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  returns a query that uses the given query qs .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header and return a tuple of the content type .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the given course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  returns a dict with specified version of the given image .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on a physical system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  remove a property from the given zone name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get simplified path .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current userprofile that a user from an backends/images registry .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure that a source object is valid .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  an affine tp .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the line number of the line that has line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to delete an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager that launches a temporary zip file that is raised when the tests is there is no errors .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a compute the compute the compute connectivity matrix .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all the tests in python must be found in python 2 .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  does the oui have a worst key .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean dot product of the given vector .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a lists of integers .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  list all items in a string .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the dictionary of credentials from the os .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy a users oauth by id or dot .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix from translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the information for this photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate a descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two jaccard similarity compute the admin similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an http url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the name is a int key-value name .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  submit pull from email address .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  run a generic task wrapper for locality .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  return a single network .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  takes a encapsulate .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with the given pdf file .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if element is a valid python type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the commit mean of the given rows .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return an int representing the amount of memory that has not been given to virtual machines on this node cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to change group of article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update a agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct type for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize a new application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates an admin url for the given server_url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  extract tuples and groups for each group in the list .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  replace the instance and prevent them with a given instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a user instance for the current user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  checks the given word matches the given vs .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture that returns a test user fixture to use .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  docker-py print the given recipients email .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  traverse a list of tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the ca providers of an existing one argument in a module .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random data with noisy noisy features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate ssl certificate from the ssl subdir .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  display the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale an image scale to a given order .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write a list of ntp cache .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return dictionary of a calendar calendar based on the configuration .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting an image to a sequenceexample image buffer .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  flips the given function to be a no-op .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges multiple errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix using a correlation matrix this is a correlation matrix and positive integer and calculate the index of a matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind in a row and find the desired row .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the hashable node in the expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the right value given the data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  ensure that the value is a valid score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  returns the floats floats of an array-like .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  samples from scratch in the given vector using the mean .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response in a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the total sigmoid function at x .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns more more information for a log or use for a log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to compute the docstring for a normal array .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert the contents of a floating point number into a base stream .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  converts availability availability in the body of a bokeh into its respective parts .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of fieldname from a table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  converts a numeric pages into a list of their list .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install pexpect .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a tuple of the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that will enable the cuda state .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns the interactive platform name of a kernel .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a filesystem .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set basic auth if needed .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra arguments into a list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check whether the release kwargs are available .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  return list of absolute modules in the given package names .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorator for tests that require functional hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the comment header of the given input .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  make sure the test passes when the a process fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  return a cleaned signal with the given args .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return true if two points are equal .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add a public keys to the public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias changes of the resource fork of the resource fork of the resource .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  get an courses page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a python file from the readline list .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  calculate the asymptotic .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  apply a file with a given filename exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a unicode string of the given string value .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option in sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  test returns returns returns returns returns the port returns an instance .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns a value for currency formatting .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named signal is absent name the name of the given signal to remove user signal .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate whether the input components of a vector .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  gets the file-like contents of a file and run it with the given file-like object .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  handles the specified reset password and concurrently it to users reset .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  adds a function to a method .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the expires certificate name of the certificate to install the certificate file to given as a certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message about the given text .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  returns the *l2* minima for bins .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a dict from a path .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns default and their objects as dictionaries with { 2 .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns the area of the tree into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an image from a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of the currently configured version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  runs the django tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if actver is greater than the most of the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert the registry keys values to a enbedded key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  return a random thrifttasktrackerstatuslist object .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  revert gcd benchmark: in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  delete the content of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given a vpc id or name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests that the metaclass op is derived from old-style classes .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding a decorator to command action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the the derivative of the process .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the catalog object .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper to out-degree a method that is not a valid one .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to email or update a request .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  helper method to warn state execution .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  escape a list of links .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk the immediate chain and .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  creates a set containing the given property info .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  helper to send an update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg into a string containing the python path .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given course and method .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  get the first opened hostname .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  match entire document to match the search document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if filename matches the given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a solc arguments .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  returns the inverse of the array with inverse over the elements in the given vector .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder can be used with a module name .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the names of the roles and their roles with the given role .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  change a user id of a process .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% blocktrans user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be an ospf interface of a :class:twitter :class:twitter .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  set up flag for some apps .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a python signature specification for use in a printable list .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to the appropriate script for compressed script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in the user notebook to the same notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs input statistics on a directory of css otu input path .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  the error vector is returned with the kwarg argument .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  generates the tag from the most recent release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the default string representation of a path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new package views on the given resource .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  create a list of indexes for the given namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if the request has xtheme to run a given site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list to a numpy object .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string if it is a startswith .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator to makes a function from a called .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform the dimensions of the current values .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  timestamp is an re which matches any glsl type .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  a view for djangos event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile the arguments and kwargs .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log all the handlers according to the log handlers .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  helper function for returning parameter from a normal parameter .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_positions works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant link for vagrant client .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  resume all examples .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of key-value pairs into a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns the spacing matrix in the given interval .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  wrap a value so that it only return value .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  returns a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  last_login version of cert .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  this method returns true if the given url is a valid html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  retrieve the field name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a command if it is not available .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the given set of fiducials points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available for the logged in lib .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return true if trace is a physical physical .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return btrfs version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for given id .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  calls an the system time intervals .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  helper function to base64 and make json serializable .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return the digest digest for the given s3 date .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  returns the pid of the project with the current process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of cpan main keys .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  return the volume group of a volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  returns information needed for linking in the remote_addr review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  returns the number of bits that are leading bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return the top level for a given start .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a nested tree that is a nested tuple .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that item is equal to the index in comparison .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  when python installation is created .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a link is a symlink .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  make sure that the code is raised when the context manager is raised .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all :foo .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  return the first operation of latex and variables .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  hashes the given url according to the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  get all build for the instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks that the cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the output file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses a timestamp and returns the appropriate one .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  returns the number of entries in a tensor .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  a decorator to limit a certain function to avoid errors .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a count of values from a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  takes a config object and returns a hash .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery celery queue in order to execute a especified celery .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the poisson floats to use .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a file descriptor for a given file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test involving exception names .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return the specifier_qualifier_list tree for a translation_unit .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  serialize python object into the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object f and a class instance .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix strings to their callback .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until the element calls the given javascript .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the additional of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  return a dict that is nested by the given dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a mapdict to pass it to a tuple to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  compare a single string .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send email to users .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that pointer name fall ok .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value is a positive integer according to the value in the range [0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  helper to warn microversion header in the pool .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort has been created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  import intersection of a line from a distribution or higher .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  get a resource data .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  test the structure of a numpy representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  create a :term:permission .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a create a testsuite for tests .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  returns a bok-choy domain name for an ipv6 address .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for pip tests .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create a blob that yields cloud storage .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a shell comand with paramiko .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the file to a folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  replace the incoming key with the message to the output of a file .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  displays a portion of an exception .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  converts a datetime object to a string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts list of blacklisted ips to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add intersections of the loop to the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the tails value from both tails and introspecs .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the decorated function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for methods that accept cuda memoize .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do proper user "probes" to redirect to the given request .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a custom 404 handler based on a custom template choice .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  fetches the replacement for a handler .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from the given filename and return it .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  simple function to page .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  create a file or a directory .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  decorates list of files .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  return true if filename looks like a directory containing a base class is such a dir .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  called when the specified state matches the specified module .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 timestamp and returns a utc timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  make a cloud the current exceptions force passed to force .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a supplied crypto compute .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  generates a set of data points for x .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test passes when logging a qt_log_ignore message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a fresh parameter value .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  given a string .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  generate a matplotlib matrix that matches the icrs matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  render twitter dance dance and secret key and secret token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  coverts a date to a given field name .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  store a user from the win_path command .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compute the total import combination and import a vdi .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use the given nltk nltk to convert the original string to html .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  evaluates the contents of an image and renders it for the given context .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if grafana is installed .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  handle all interactive tags from the repository log .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns the directory path for the given directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str return the opposite of a string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  decodes a list with whitespace in the input and return a single string .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a async for managing the given runner .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get apply to filter name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if path starts with given prefix and ends with conda .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  plot the scatter trace .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  method called by returning errors to the error editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  converts the given url into a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize the form .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  find the key for a certificate details using the data source code .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the lower python values from row & column .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a queryset of fan counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns the menu class for a given network class .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  try to switch to switch .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  create the memory devices out of files .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this walks takes a string and its children .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta object and returns the total seconds for the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month : ppiip : supply : qm: rmi: pi: cg: food: clothing: roeu: dcg: .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create an invalid via pcs command stonith name for the stonith changes name for the stonith name of the pcs cibfile use cibfile instead of the cib for the cib
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  display a subplot results from the figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get the content path from the method .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task class .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a higher model and train it with the given train and train the extruder model .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  table with trailing row as a table with no data .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of services that are disabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  ensure the smtp event was loaded on .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  in the response .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if user is valid .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that jd1 contains mail count .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  creates kwargs from the given functions and replace it in the salt argument .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the current timestamp is a debug function .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a class for a given roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep only desired axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load a cucumber-reports file from a pandas dataframe and return a pandas .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate a given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  build a string using the shell api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  get the version of a package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that reports errors correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  the series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  configure the power state of the state on the default node .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  return the bracket checksum of a list of values .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and their translations .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  eagerly evaluate the next notify_db .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  mock execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get a set of this application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  thx to be a capital .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set a given object to a given context .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check for scaleway configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lists a list of commands for the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs dictionary correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check if the element is a valid two lines .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether the given date exists in the system or contains the default date .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the text object for the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all valid instrument for a given track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode string to base32 bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list from the given course and returns true if lists is not valid .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a module label .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  subscribes a user to an model .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a list of user names .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  this returns a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge the given value into the cached under the key .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert rgb to decimal .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module can be skipped or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find the core structure for an etree .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  clip a clip to be evaluated via rpc .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  initialize the internal logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  loads support version as in the given html .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with re and humans humans header info .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of os .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a specified template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks that the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  computes the gaussian mean over a gaussian object .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all four attributes for a char .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data as json .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  create a symbol to read from the given qt based on a given address .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  change the user api to the request api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown a node on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes the given html .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  test b{accept} a format that format will crash for a subfmt .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new list of compatible channels for the given channel type .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a nice that yields a registered statement available for the given block .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if notification is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  same as register_admin_extension but for english directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of indentation quoted strings .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  return internal cache object .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return the internal version as a string .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts with the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load current user if a wrapper is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  default function for handling gis used by the country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this function is called before the first argument .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  replace raw bytes with $' .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister a previously registered email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get an instance of a field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return the list of available instance sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns a list of since plugin names .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to decorate methods that should be called only once .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring for a specific keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  measures -> int calculates the right types of a node .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  sets the post then compute the given modules .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for executing a subsection task usage that happen in the transaction manager .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help with a help entry .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  update all foreign used by id .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return it as a wrapped version providing transparent .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service to restart .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls an endpoint with the manager module and return it .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of the installed branch and return a dictionary with git details .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  create a new copy of the list of entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : step .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  helper function to strip the accents of a form .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add ground to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  some filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  returns a node with the given status jenkins .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts service and return the result as a request .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a new interactive input .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper to select one selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  handle the same api processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  identified an unused representation of a document as a dictionary .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  returns the ipv6 address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  see url .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test and creates a qurl if you create and placed is not available .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a set of bytes into a numpy array of bytes .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unpickles and fix a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  starts development collections .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  consistent consistent chart rendering with the given label .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  merge reconid .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial is passed .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named user from the minion name the name of the overlay to remove .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a short number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path does nothing .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  truncate a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick by a contiguous classifier .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns a function that can be used to refer .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  selects new ide to bus with the given controller .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the directory for interacting with monitordir .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  extra data from a remote host .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information on a particular summary .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the version string for the current thread .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies arent met .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of functions and return a tuple of matching string of the form .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager that overrides a with a following block plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a string identifying a source object for the provided domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generator for a set of nodes of creating n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sends a message to the given status msg .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  module identification function .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt refs .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks the flow to see if the specified token is not found .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint that it stream .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki with the lyricswiki artist .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  runs the devices in the given devices .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a qos to a given object .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the directory specified in the context dict contains all the files in the given content .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  create a generator that yields the full task name .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  testing the dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the current time time time time :return: the current time time time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a repo from git .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the followers of an object .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  implement yaml_ex over a sample of the two kind .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new repo .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get out the request url from an http request path .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  create a jupyter that is used for use in modules .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return whether the given context is currently being a bash .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  this function is installed and installs the alignment using the review server .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  function to ensure a module is loaded by a finder path .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds an the layer spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return the signal for a service .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  called from the server .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from a file by path .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server name or id to be connected .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  deletes an existing usercontributionsmodel and updates it with new calculated .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  defines a symbolic link to a default system .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot in a specified snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  returns the number of a fragment in a python environment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of a bootstrapping graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image according to the requested status_code: header .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clears accumulated statistics from the given dict .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns the string representing the property name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler compiler for the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user prompt .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the size of a given atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the stable binary templates .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a default polynomial of several dimensions in an expression .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse the elements of a sorted list or bivariate .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  turn a branching rule into one of the branching .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates a last index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the /etc/hosts for a given user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  read a record which is intended to get the given audio stream .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the language-code .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save and write config to a json file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the log of a objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  builds a test suite for the above tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  gets the preferred channels for the channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to make a method media .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns a misc/news revision for the provided repository .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  make the win32 rules for the enough manager .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log information criterion .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  returns an instance of a given type .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile several functions clause .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts a json passed in html into its entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the gpu? : ref_type .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a specified name .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that wraps a method to be run .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  application that runs on application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the width of the dataset width and assign it to the given width .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return an array of arrays .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  returns the number of bits needed to serialize a single integer in the integer represented by the integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a page from the given page object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a handler that is raised when the user is off .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get all objects in a namespace .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes the markov fit for a sample .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  in the internal cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  implements a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called to display in a script .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  a replacement for the specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a status message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parses a raw source entry .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  returns a string with a given name .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  predicate function to iterate over a predicate .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dictionary for the given name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  converts a value that may be a string into a list of tuple .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a particular operator is supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all implement .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  writes a string to tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check if pandas is available and pathed if not .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with the same shape as x .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add command line arguments to options .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the given value computed by the annoy breadcrumbs .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  simple context manager webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 path url : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  first finds the given message from the catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  get file items from path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  cleanup the record-style .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  displays a page of user page protected .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  create a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group sums function for psychopy by a tensor or larger sums .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  the system path should be a valid directory .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the peaks of measures for a given probabilities .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  gets the xunit xunit object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  return an umc module object prepared for editing an umc database .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance was moved .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download results from a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  execute a function or module and return it .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the file and return a dataset object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert list to a line in beginning with git text .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  return a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a methods with a lock that an exception in self .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect signal from a signal within the given signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return dataframe representing the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a function that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list hypervisor by hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  turn an extension version string into a standard version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  load a revision from redis .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create a single list for group groups .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id equals error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining edge hashtable hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list of argument names .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban ban revisions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dict with the mapping data for a given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the log in the given json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  tests all duplicates in the same directory as a version of pytest .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and build a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a queryset of matching users .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print the friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an initial random value .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build a tracing for test driver script .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  converts x to a decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the first largest first degree degree of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the navigation navigation items .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  create a datastore datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when examine command completes .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  parses time like 1h 10s .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  authentication decorator .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  extracts the list of the directories in a path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a tp for translation .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x to a string .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat driver .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  true if the linux package is installed .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sigmoid activation function :math:varphi(x) = tanh parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  takes a list of tuples as a string using the following contains the values for each cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a name of the form returned by bundle to a uri or filename .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extracts authentication credentials from http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that expected value is created correctly .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is using os tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the api with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates cyclic quadratic as described by length .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  retrieve grid data for a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieve all tu .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  uses scp for metadata if requested .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine whether a real matrix has a email address .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential structure of the dest to a potential structure .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds a kernel for the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping to determine which hosts are up promiscping and requests .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get a given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  transparency test specific object from ziplines test methods .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon for this marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of for a key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around expo .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the pb2 module .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  function to get the data called by the user .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data in a sequence .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  get a simple audio for the user .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  line1 helpful request .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all volumes for a given host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  instantiate python sanity check .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the processing of a specified device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores a previous port for a file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  replaces unicode characters with bytes .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get the string listing commits of the current migration .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper around djangos code that enables locking .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  get keyring for the given list of keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  runs the first argument in a wsgify .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return information about a given show result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns disk size for a given vm .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  load a set of directories from a dict .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  run information from the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  get all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories in filesystem .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  deletes a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait for a condition to become contactssample .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  return the cloud node .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps expected and return a logical wrapper .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to add a dummy variable name of the decorated class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password data using the given hash algorithm .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  create an arp on the host .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the faces from a taxon expression .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compare that operation and a groups identifier .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a test models for models that use the given test .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining enable shining if needed .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : expression .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a new expression from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  creates an array of arrays from cartesian arrays in each image .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the given code as a list of smartsplit .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  parse an defined id string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  helper for getting a handler .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  given an entity .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the proj of evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  return both vectors and column gradient with negative values .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the git command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  returns a dictionary of the unique graph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  returns the url of a parser takes a string .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for use in the request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return an sqlite3 load and sqlite3 .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree prefix .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the most appropriate contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications that indicate the given notification .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used by handle_items that resets top-level lines and semicolons .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts a pil/pillow image to the new image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of errors into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin and return the results as a string .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font font fonts .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template name and a template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform special form s-expression into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  helper to check if numpy array has any labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the information on the master cli example: .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that include_names should denote the number of delimiter and exclude_names filter values .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url from itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  tests that the no root view requires the jenkins root directory .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  determine distance between [lat sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns object that has perms by the given class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  copies the given namedtuples to a search_service_pb .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap gaussian creation in a single call .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true if the given url can connect to a network .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  determine the number of workers in the current thread .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  get the terminal for a locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom view returning a custom ip address and custom string .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  a room to build and from the two rooms build .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove a file from the directory .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  scans the soap fault for a bunch of soap .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  change vm information for a users firewall .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  clear the current server .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get get rings from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create image metadata for an image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  return the longest part of a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  a generic function to return a list of the files that may be found in the given module .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get the current process processes running on a system .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all services that have a given binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test regression .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  this dataframe does a dataframe so that we can common types for a pandas dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of prefixed units that are prefixed with their existing unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handler for the absolute errors .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the best value of a specified server .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  net -> int makes a set of variables from an array of values .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test campaigns as a label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the tag entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return an postgres data .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets about the given about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given tail is a tuple .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the versions of an array .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  return an array of standard device memory .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  create a docstrings block from a vcenter .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get a template by name .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  transform the given string to a binary string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  returns the minimum of an array of labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle the current event .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  return the given function to use in any argument in a single string and keyword args are lists in physics pointer .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete the display operation .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of given a stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  run an action on a pathwildcard .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  the args is either an unload or the first iteration .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  list the objects available for the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all custom entities of the custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  raises tree permissions on given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns format with te configuration .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  assume a named service is running .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  regression load a single class from one of the same name .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to create the repository in sys .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a sqlalchemy query for the given resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter out all errors in errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  this function normalizes a set of points for a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  return a formatted that matches images in a given imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  ensure that urljoin allows a valid relative to urljoin .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  convenience wrapper around the ssh command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generic method to attach a node to the node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  the last access time path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an object .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  this function checks that the response is an rather of a given response .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the user .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  an exception raised by corners .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the the directory where the given node in the given node is one of the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given iterator .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach subnets from elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform a dictionary with the given keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  convert a color to hex color format .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  a decorator that disables notifications after the request has an existing action .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 hash of the given v1 .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score according to the estimator of x k .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary string into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run an old quiet command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the sonarr sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in specified velocity vectors based on specified velocity vectors .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test pip functionality .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  returns the norm of a correlation coefficient .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  same as check_required but with lists .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  given a *choices* element values for *choices* *choices* .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  given a path to a numbered .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  compute a polynomial h_{pq} from a polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the optimizer of the given vector .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create and return a qrcode instance from a file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that have the given subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  add a put put to remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a username to a specific username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos containing the most recent receivers .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read the source spaces from a fif spaces .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  given text in place .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  get the most recent users that are the given user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send emails to notify the given recipients about new flag .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  url decodes a binary string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a list of paths and build an build file .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get a list of parameters or a comma-separated header parameter .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  prototype for the output of a sentence s .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to the given host and port .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  walk a nested paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : simple_stmt | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  check if the user is about the audit of the given dict .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that method takes an instance type and dont methods .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  take a dict and return the resulting function .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the first element in seq that predicate returns none if predicate is found .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a django help to the django settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  return path to the heads config directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get html with optionally using markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch a policies .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  create a container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an additional filesystem .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator which causes a function or method on the one argument which is used to be used on the beginning of the modelviewsets .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  define log table parameters .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of the sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  entry point for the script "pyflakes" .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check for the existence of a conda environment on the supplied filesystem .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports for each file in the order .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  detect any supports errors that should be found .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  returns string to simple string .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  all expression in expr .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  return time in seconds that the given date format .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension type .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a flow of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  returns a list of all base cliques of the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in the given thread .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid from the application .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a list of access paths relative to the given path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split an iterable of positive cases in n order .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to a human readable format .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the set of the given tournament graph in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if enum is a string .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers the given handlers handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  string-to-key hash with iv and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the plot of a sparse matrix along the x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a free ports that should be free by the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  returns the purchase with the given endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate a category value .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns lower string value with enough random case .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many files required by the register .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get the attribute statistics for an attribute .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  for form function; code .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  test that "hubble" image can be loaded .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a blocklist blocklist with the specified name and extract rx_msgs .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  start the named service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a node is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node with a node with a node with
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask context for a ask context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  this is a helper function for see if a new gstreamer is given .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  set a node to a resetcycle and renders the result for the given object .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract image indices of a timeseries data set of image .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get share permissions for given doc and subscribes permissions .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get the default storage-wwns path for the given path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  this check localization is on a git .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task status as a dict .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  accept the given metadata to match the given port .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or async version .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  test whether we should enable the current block stack .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the functionality for functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for a given event .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  this function computes an email mail .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the user details for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a list of the git from a json file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests and fail fail when the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set tool to the file system path in a filesystem .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  given a flavor image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to serialize a method which applies to a python response .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort the elements of an iterable .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  deletes login and their login info .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  calculates a series of pairs for nested lists of stable .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given the tree of a tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compute the number of leap legen function .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that cheatsheets returns the correct cursor .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the normal distribution of the bw as a number .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  wrapper around elementwise .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access for the flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a python data structure .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove white events and above events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  this will patch the current doc config .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  write an error to disk .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return the ids of the package ids that match the given path .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get pyo codes formatted files .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  hide nested dictionary of {field_index: pairs .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity list for single user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime object to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  returns the name of the lazy function .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a request header into a tuple of integers .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric line of the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  takes a list of header tuples and returns a tuple with the lower header .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a method in a dispatch .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event data via path_item .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  flatten a datetime object .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  compute an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a theano tensor with zero values .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a deferred which is the model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock format for the current thread .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  url - print ops for the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a string containing a single key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  checks if a date is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if model contains a allowed model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities table representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme path .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  helper function to check if a type is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts valid fields from a list of fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  calculate the central outputs of evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return *filename* contents of text from filename .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  computes the precession ordering of a node using kosarajus two dataseries .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test ids with a qdatastream ids .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  check the given value is a valid opennebula .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts the id from the given acpi_tables id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the currency precision for a given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  returns the cost cost function of a dataset .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the 1-norm of a^p in x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make a2enmod for the client code .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  only load the given dict .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  check for a given term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the signal handler for the given signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of a ints of two different keys .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  the view decorator to manage a list configuration object .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add a message to the documentation .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  sets config for bench to be changed .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  out a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  helper for vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a new environment .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import the repo to the git repository for a given path this will be in the idiotic directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty fields in bounds .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a double roidb by the given resets solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of two random variables .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates a class that allows python ip address to be used for testing the application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return the url of the package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  cast value to an appropriate class/method .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  url decode slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  iterate over a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if the first item in the sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information for an event .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  finds the short column of the closest part of the given part .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  consumes hex to rgb color function .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png png image for the given figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this view is called to return an empty view .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the wrapped command with qualified arguments .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns an array of ones with same shape and dtype as ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page on a client .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  i have a model in the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dict for migrations that will be used for migrations .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  returns the labeller of the labeller .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  updates the local marker to run the given file .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a notification on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  requests the version number from lesser .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  the command to the job with the given job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a rest api message .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get convex loops from loops and add loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create the plugin plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  get the restful alert for a resource .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  create a new random cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  images is a series of data points .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  pretty-print an object using import and returns it .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare for means for a chisquare test for pairs of pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an equation order coefficients using the method coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a sorted iterator .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for tp among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  returns a truncated copy of the value .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for an id to become accessible again .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the namespace code into .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  check if the current request is about to be treated .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a boolean array with the median axis of the median in the range [0 .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return a list of the first fairness from the experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding from db .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in the file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  if more than a link .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  injects injects option .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  generate an rotation matrix .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  helper function for transforming the structure of x and inforamtion .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a sqlalchemy constant as a stack-allocated array of bytes .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  stop an api feature .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams header of a file in the sff directory .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  this script is used to do something that runs the tests under a given url .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns the cases:: for a set of functools-wrappable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with referencing and number of space .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a list of "offset names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return the nibbles specified by a character id .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the dict of openshift script .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  generate population attributes .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use step to use a step matcher .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a dictionary of the get result of a patched file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  determines the time difference between two events in the history .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  ensures that we can remove a wrong time from ascending .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy that rewrites an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the model spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test simple db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return virgin source file .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  runs a function from a functions command .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the specified signature .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a palette that blends from a matplotlib palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  if we have an os name .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a module of a text string .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if a point is after a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  returns an iterable with unique elements in the list grouped .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  we try to convert groups to inputs for index .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  find whether the given key has a key in the body .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  similar to git-commit(1)_ .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to commit the given path .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the documentation on a document .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the raw memory index of the values in a tensor .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return an integer sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the varnish test suite .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type where clause is a list-like .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a trunk object - allowed port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if there is a child element in the child element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate networkx lines for g parameters g : graph a networkx graph encoding : string encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  return lines with the last line corresponding to the output file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new securely-generated user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  writes detail and times message based on the given item['error .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a reactor that returns a loop in an l{deferred} loop and optionally steps .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run the completes; script for a given safecommit .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a forum .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete program for the unix socket .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of user names from a source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return the total minimal bsgs base .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract a list of sentences representing a given string of sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  as many objects as possible to be checked out .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses an uri uri into a os uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an ip address string .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  runs a function with args so it can be handled .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse ntlm hashes in a list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a long string .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the standard peak arguments: fn : a function to be used for the items of the seconds returns a : a listener or an integer representation of the importer
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a list of components .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a short string using the given integerize .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  overriding a json type .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove all images .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  transform decimal hex to rgb values args: hex : the hex string to be a boolean hex returns the hex corresponding to hex form .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns event object .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level from account .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a directory and find all builds .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  decorate a function which wraps a concrete test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of the current adapter and mac address .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname for the displayname instance .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return whether x is negative .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a decorator that return a cached query made of a query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  computes the entity for a protocol buffer .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and unescapes into parts .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract the post post message from a scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the email status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if a given field is valid .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a template parameter to pass in a template parameter .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a class out includes a given character .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary with the specified output .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for i/o facts .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  a helper method to encode a string as xml .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  returns the module that defines the grains .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  generate a list of functions that start with a given host .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the fvwi from an array of fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  check that the given text was set correctly .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test that spatialbatchnormalization .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack is all of the current point that should have been deleted .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  builds an argument .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a full chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name of the the unicode object .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  assigns current local tarball to the git .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return the line number of the callers stack frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  return a new tag or add a trace to the http user .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  it should download a wheel for wheels .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  writes the including url by the characters in the filter argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  create or replaces multiple fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record to the specified vm and return the network disk .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  the error code is returned with the given function .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns a dict describing the given description running from the given revisions .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of dictlist and returns a tuple .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  assert a condition with the given condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the directory for the user-agent as if it doesnt exist .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string of base64 to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  this checks if the list of files have a given list of files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  removes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  for a single conda from the given slicelen go through a single stream stop .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  helper for upsampling of items to maintain maintain .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number as a string .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return the symmetric group of the symmetric group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  custom environment to build a environment from a cython request .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  returns buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  helper function to format a string with friendly master subject .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  like string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate a python object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary test objective function from : multivariate multi-model approach in : multivariate introduction to genetic algorithms" .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific endpoint tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from channel .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns the base directory where the password is located .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  check the set of scheduler filters for filter .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo db .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush the root root root logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the hierarchical mod from a list of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real real matrix of a monomial or a monomial struct .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a mapping of pdf mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path to a pwd command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to stdout and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  helper function to apply a tuple of integers to iterables .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method creates a url for the given target url .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add rfc :class:stream .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  construct a single acl into a referrers list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports the given path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for the decorated method .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort an otu table by sorted sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random item from the given api .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian density function of the given vector and y .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  converts a string to a float .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  ensure a string is a valid vorbis .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  retrieve an aws ubuntu driver module for a module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cast a string or unicode object to a subclass of bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  dry helper to pull a remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  modify the extension of an s3 .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator to make a view that modifies cors views that are enabled .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  gets a phonenumber related to significant number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands for each task in a nested task .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return the child child nodes for the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  this function is used to ensure that the first integer is a valid integer .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the difference between two bivariate q .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  render the hostname login class by returning multiple login .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign to definition .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer not good correlation .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a small expression with a tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a post request to a specified doc doc .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  returns a 4-tuple indicating if two observations have different parameters west : float instance of the unique autocorrelation : float or same-length array .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load an persistent file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  the restful parts of the multipart parts .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the first character of the given string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  inverts the given query string to a list of query .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds days to the given response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a rotation matrix to replacement for a given identity matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  returns the number of days of the given osquery .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validate that value is a string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  parse a phyloxml file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 2d function for a given public objects .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic as a cubic greeting to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system per-cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  takes a key and splits it into .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the given host:port .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a existing linode for this linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the channel that should have a launch attribute for the logs .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms entities with the given entity .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape json to json so that it can be embedded safely inside html .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed ports for the managed managed ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test method which is deactivated from the cache file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  walk through all the absolute path and creates a directed directory .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  query global console action on configuration .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  prepare the data for inclusion in a quote file .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print a string listing with given text .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of paths from the path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the vectors .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  release the number of available chapters for a certain number of dimensions .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra rest server .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  return the cache durations of an idempotent .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  set up the client to the request .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract the current version from the project as a list of at 'zmq' .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  given an image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  returns true if running in stdin mode .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the change between the command .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse a response and parse a response body out of one .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable filled with zeros and dtype .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  retrieve the check class .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value that sets the given value .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets available for the given webpack .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test that we have a full search term for relative to ensure that it is running .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a view and test index .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path to the device is a mount location and is not a user or checkout full path .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup for a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key pair then read it .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple task to register a new graphviz parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will check the contents of the block through the block of the block .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  remove the fake project directory created when the project is created .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax children when creating tax names .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  execution obj and abort a method .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  returns the path of the pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance segment from the sparse segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  takes a string and returns the detected regex object .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  format an isfile for a given directory .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning of the given line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  main primer fasta filepath output_dir: primer fasta filepath output_dir: reverse filepath qual_fp: primer fasta mapping file output_dir: mapping file filepath tree_subset: if directory isnt exceeded -- primer primer emacs output_dir:
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  get a list of best args: kwargs: : an integer number of genres to list of term .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given one mask .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the cursor to the end of a method .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  convert an array to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests that ipython and assigned to the single single single single single single view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  bracket function to replace moments and second bridges .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  delete a klass tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  return the harris points for harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent or a string as percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process for the given pid file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the attribute of an attribute .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the path segments of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  validates and xml value .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create a link to the oauth2 node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  the 31 function .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  extract the first three exception frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  return current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach all generic device to basename from a cache network device to basename .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert an xml fragment into a given text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a given project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  runs a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list with keys of bokeh sorted in obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test service: with python version .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns list of detected libraries across the given spec .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  list an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a suite method asynchronously method .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a raw protobuf array into a subclass .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create new provided file .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the string in a given array of strings .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve a path from the resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  creates a devicerecord .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the current url of a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes or dataframe with respect to return .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the help chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files that have a particular one .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute the "needs spline for a positive array derivatives .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the queryset of the day through the specified user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path or directory to an egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut of a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object from the given mode .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this method sends the operations of the current process .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that the in-db priority is improved correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  map the data points to a string .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts an hexadecimal string into a base 36 .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  given a sequence of sequences and a resolved collection .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  provides zfs state .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of the databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate the mavg window for each row of time in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a dict of script names .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a clone clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  writes the file to a specific output .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  emits a list of registration invoice for a given user in the given course registration .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn an array or flattened on a tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  callable that the given connection can be set to a specific timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validates the given iterables to see if it contains a node .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  function that return the colums of a input stream .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic background bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  test core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns an opened dict if hexadecimal is made by outgoing .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch photo settings for tests .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  returns a an entity key string from a given key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  mark an object as the given category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  initialize the context of the flaskbb request processors .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a noargs .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a string table from the tree .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore or return from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that value contains at least min_version .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is a subclass of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute path based on a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  create a named hypervisor from a list of primary address .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable given by the path exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  a decorator that checks that a collection is available .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login object from the proxied datastore .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a votable level .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the information .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a new worker function to decorate a worker in the worker .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  returns a row .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  quote a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a single set of possible data .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries and return appropriate authentication entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  non-recursive all the directory and return an iterable of paths that can be found .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with detail which contains a summary of outdated .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  given a list of symbol .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  copies the numa stats from the given locale .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test rasterization with regularization .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  process indentation spaces in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate composition f(g) .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  status of a new bar views that has all the same name .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  return an html file with byte order .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a path to the dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  helper function compute the input size of a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  exp of square root function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value from a cookie header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if an object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  compare two statuses and return a boolean indicating if the name is equal to the right side .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated cluster sets correctly .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  associate an email with the given prompts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns true if the course in the given course cache have been created on the given course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  checks whether x is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently active language its current thread .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the same topic method does not forces a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a factory that instantiates compute api class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run the given test .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or if empty channel is none .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  a helper function .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer awards controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items matching tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic message detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the microdescriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this function returns the directory that should be foreign .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the beacon so we can extend it to ensure we can extend it in yaml .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  return the value for given key in the given store .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  this reads a hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  render a list of links for all the given document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  converts a dict to a set of key/value pairs .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  create a gf(p)[x] polynomial from the first kind of a f**( degree .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource filename for the source file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  writes an sqlite3 field to a file .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address and returns it .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  this generates a list of software aliases for a given feedbackthreadanalytics .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the media binary sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all the ip addresses .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of a boolean array .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle a tab .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  get the python music path from the resource .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a pipeline timeout for the current user .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an discid .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of positive composite numbers for the positive integer a number of nodes in the range represented by a and b .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  turn multi-dimensional product into one big .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by the setting of characters .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the given search is running inside a running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  foo-bar --> .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  format a date according to the argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a wsgi environment .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a list of asserting .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  create a bucket that renders a bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual response for a given http response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  given a user id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  start a standard shell shell in a given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the closest alarm control sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a list of available backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a slice of characters from a list of tracks .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  returns a list of list of all potentially submission strings .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a new iterator over the given element .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a binary image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  converts concat in a sparse matrix to a sparse variable .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  return a matrix from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first file name from the translators .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper method for getting a logout url for a logout url .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build error message from network and a string of expected option .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  extends the display name for the user .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  get a list of the possible tag for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary directory cli example: .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to text from one s3 to another .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a safe book for a changeset book .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that forces a view in the response to be a view and fills it along an argument .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  helper method for extract element that may have any urls in a url .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows font directory name of the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns the database metadata represented by a text metadata .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  create the subtitle path from the specified path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  common function for setting text into a list of common encoder .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert a given function to an argument key .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  for useless between an alloc and a graph .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown the windows api on the windows device .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an instance of the xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  simple defaulttoolstate for output_root .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url for the given url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  return a tuple of tuples with elements having to sort elements of a single pair .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return the autocorrelation function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  a decorator for marking the signature .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generates a mako sufficient for each of the given map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a google cloud storage .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x is an op .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a indices of the form of a dataset or 5-tuple of the given dimension shape .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity model for the given user or model if metric_name is valid .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require several conda packages to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the named task cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  function cutting the current single diskspace space as a workbook .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert from various ways as a string .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt the given code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  create a decorator for functions that constructs a admin db .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  undo vote vote for a course or undo .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the cycle graph the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all the cookies in the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  generate an url for a living .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get a list of alarm certs that are available and any of the certificate names .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes a python object to a string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip zip file from a path .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named alias is absent name the name of the overlay to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parses a fileobj file and returns a dictionary of functionannotation .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  create a mock .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 matrix by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return a unicode version of string decoded using the given string or unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password on the account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that a specified user is absent name the username of the system to remove object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test for a model into the model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a function into javascript attributes .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that enumerate_projects works with various 3998 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  turns a python object into a json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the first item of an iterable of its dependencies .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  restores the stray directories from the database .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> string return a boolean .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  a string or tk lines for each line .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status for the given set of hosts or host .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  create a small block bound to a passed value .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns the python script to run the bokeh python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  make sure we have a single sum of fit .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure @roles defined in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  determine the string spectral an ascii string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create an image in a 2d array returns a set of nodes in the order of the unique layers .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the difference between two points .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path to the installed program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  helper to apply partial functions to a method .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a type for the current request .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  an mro or classic in order to operate in the class resolution .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching pattern from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  given an extension filename .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  gets the assistant server and renders the jinja2 response .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  print information about each installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime to delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  set a new wiki element .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the exponential mean of the exponential distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the data json-serialized and the right content type header .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the shared shared memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the list of milestones of the milestones namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts a list of pivot into a pivoting .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  wrap a function with a unified decorator .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return a increment .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts the given exception object to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return missing values which should be coerced to do missing .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  given entity finish .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the given code code and return a new unicodeencodeerror .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac defined by unifrac .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read head head from bti file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with length decoded by a raw string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print error and integrate with the given exit code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  returns the successive value of the given number of nodes .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compares the value of the kodi config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate nodes for a directed graph .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  display all diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple command-line program .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  from github issue #1854 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a given directory is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  determine if a uri is are assigned enough to be used .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string of bytes into a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a html layer-2 @note: ensure that a routed for a specified renderer .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  exception and executes the last errors that contain a logging function .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  delay kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  computes the theano description of a certain model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a error codes to the new error code parameters codes : str new line number of codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable exists in the running name the name name of the given set to true to false .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr qr for a set of equal to 10 .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get an element .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a django icon for a django icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in a given address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of installed services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  transliterate a list of scope strings to a given host .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  shutdown a vm .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an array of recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  the main membership .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a base64 encoded task payload .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  computes the symbolic mean of the expression .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  pick cherry to summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a filename exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a helper function to generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error messages from remainder .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  build a list of strings .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging for the given backup .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates a new .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse out the command event in the given log .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active queues of the task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a notification about a salt server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to set for the user belongs name username to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the given html with all value .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the given python is installed with the given python dictionary .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute the up and right controller on cookie: .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  retrieve a data from the datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the name of a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  load a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  fires function to select github credentials .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the secret secret from secret and writes it to secrets database and writes it .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  serve file from a states file .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build a filename from the file located in the given name .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns the euler quadrature [1]_ points .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the indent of the specified length .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return a datetime object for the given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a mapping file .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to make a function to map functions as public keyword argument types .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read lsm sequence of file data from file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a path to the given file for the given filename .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create the full test suite from the module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a votable .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if a site configuration has a site configuration enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  allow backslashes to be a list of tuples .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  takes an object s .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given a path or patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  write the special html with special characters .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  retrieve a valid user object or a string representing the default username .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check to see if a vlan has a vlan on the vlan .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when given datetime object should have a single datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return a dictionary representation of a collection node .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in a remote repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  given a set of numbers .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action to the given action @type the design caches as the java function .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  test custom completion completion .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given matplotlib timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  delete a or raise if it does not exist or not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a new team with team_name .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements for a list of states on behalf of a list of states .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a ill engine command with a given manually .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  return a document for the given document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a list of report for given doctype .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the appropriate py3 packet .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test column and column arrays .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  see pull request .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check the specified filename matches checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  this method returns the twilio extracted as a dict .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  iterates over genbank formatted records .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  upload a redis server on the given host cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  runs the api from a markdown scripts .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split the given path into list of paths relative to all the paths with order .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs a dictionary of report that have corresponding to temp_dir .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a deprecated .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if a number is a positive kind .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  custom function which returns the path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  provides a path from a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take a list of space-separated and return a cleaned list .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new report string for an *y*-axis header .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete a service from the named sysv service .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get the store of data from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  sort the distributions of a array .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks the status of a remote and salt://_returners .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to a list of ids .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  get a duration of a timedelta that is a timedelta .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  return true if the given path is in an admin dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the given paths to the history module .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of sorted servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of users for the given user .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the discussion handlers .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  construct a new private algorithm with a update color .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to add a trace to the www-authenticate selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  compares the rank of two nameserver .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the entire contents of a config file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return plot lines as a iterations .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the docker task for a centos distribution .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  container_type : step .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  like os .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if and only if minc is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to amazon cloudwatch :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  copies a file from the source to another file .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a string is a valid format .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a list of sympifiable smoothed noise is a either sympifiable or a string of either a subset of the data value is the number of the scenario scenario smoothed
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with the given dialog view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  immediately test modules with fastprint .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for a given set of tasks .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  constructs a facet field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot multiple image and a single image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a running system to the minion .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  run a single system command against a given jail or name cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a registered function name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  given a match string and a list of files .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return results of the clause .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an well filename for testing .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  given a hexidecimal .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri given a uri string and a tuple of format o .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function is used to get a original object from the struct module .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from normal intersections and subsystem .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  returns an image notification dictionary for the given image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the homepage .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a sequence_type method for the lockfile .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  unions unions throughout until it is allowed .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convenience function to split and return a string containing a name with the resulting name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns an iterable over the xpath of the elements of the path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  evaluate the given channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the tomography function of a 1d matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  show the message twice doesnt make sure the same message .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs directory path .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  returns a list of functions that apply to a list of functions in a setting of functions .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  waits for a volume to become available .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with specified number of bytes .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 in a nltkdemo .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current context .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gets the user telemetry data for the block with the current indent .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the status of a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns a dict of all speed limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model object from an app_label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return scalar elements of the input it is not equal to the given transformed < if there are any .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote a string or unicode representation of a url .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a valid exploration ids for the given user and user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the current database for overrides to the given engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the current rsync directory to the rsync project directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  authentication the cloud cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a service options for the given options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends an admins contact .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  benchmark benchmark with a measurement and ignore ip-version .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the version and guess id of a user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  construct the list of two quit from the given power type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  enqueues a course update for the given course subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if filename is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  a runner for --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  given a acoustid .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as recursive test class .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create action to run a gui based on its icon .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines if expression is true .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  gets the list of data for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this function is used in the ndarray .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  recursively process text details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form with the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the supplied length name is valid .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that the specified files have plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the unicode text as a unicode string .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  makes a file map from a given file values .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add allocated_id to the databases .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a project activity .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of files .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform metagenomeseqs css normalization on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  return the coverage for the java server .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample function for comparison between strings .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the cloud api on a client .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initializes the specified address .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of the identity question in the order of the given series .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop arguments from an entry dtrace dtrace dtrace .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns boolean indicating if the django app is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  this function is called by the user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  {success: text displayed by md5 in: and params .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the linux distribution parameters .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test boolean functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns the successors of the given node in the order of the nodes .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  rest controller for hand-drawn maps .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a header based on the standard header format .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper method that first matched wants to depth first .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  create an entry from the cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get wanna help by id .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current document class .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  returns the position just after the given line .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  run a keypress keypress keypress on given entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  gives some argument syntax .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get a qurl based on the user input which is qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  returns a dictionary with keys sorted and their callback names as a dictionary .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for facilities .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  localization localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  checks if the theme is configured with the current request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the default float type .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists of a list of megacycles string and return a tuple of the appropriate query parameters .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract a dictionary of sections information from a local instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  return a list of the words in trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all settings .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  helper function to parse a query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  used to skip tests that fail on sys .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  exception handler .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  modify all students of ccx courses .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the given class name .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get all script script for an app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  hipchat message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates the metadata map file and gradient percent .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot metrics for image .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql string for use as xml entities .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  query the virtual ssh ip address for a given file .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a password from a remote location .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random random number .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return the gaussian erfinv function of the passed in dictionaries erfinv .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time times .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  this method will return a list of accepted that have been imported under a given locks .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create a query if it matches the given name and the query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  load the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a json representation of a list .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove rollbacks .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form with a different element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve an course enrollment for a given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the string from the filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args a whole otp for a device .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the current location in an vcenter .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  a scenario outline outline should be ignored .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create some tied bytes .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  paths - the canonical path - ignore of the filesystem path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  compare two paths for each course paths and their generators .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network object .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a not exist .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  run all tests .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with a jinja directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  a file from a path with cache .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  decode a specified number of characters from the start .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all configured security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a derinteger object given a tenant service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change transaction primary address for the email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a mixture distribution from pmf1 to a value from pmf1 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  format a fake exception object to be escaped to either a request or parts of the given request e .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the version as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a file to the list of files matching the given directory .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error for each observation in jedi-vim#377 .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  returns a tuple of product of the socializechats pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the program .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get all volumes in a generic generic generic generic generic view .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a django microsite is created .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string in network format to an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the time max calls a given user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a resource .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  get a client configuration object for a backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  return dataframe of length of a dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  deletes and automatically delete messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  convert emails to an email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the queryset .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve the login url of an login to be displayed .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate an integer to a previously a value .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() shouldnt output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder command .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorate a record-style method where an api is configured to the decorate a singleton .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in order to be used in the runtime-editable log .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the appropriate unselected center function .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  creates the country codes for the user .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper function for escaping the redirect response to a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the results of a recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the ckan graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  of the dot product of a normalized variables .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the invoice type: this file from the invoice contents .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  get an mdadm configuration from the given config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option and return a description of the option .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns the state of the state of the packages currently set .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces space character with its first argument replaced by their respective unicode string .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  finds all strip fields for this ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  make a simple user-agent class for a given sqlalchemy name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate unicode to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register pelican page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the forums given a yaml string .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost equation into a dict .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test clean up degrees in the current project .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute an state of the given values as a cross-validated weight matrix .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  create a store in the given store .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the path to the underlying error message for the given reference as "wiki:view_name" .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of web listing that have been appended in the containers .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the installed namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install or create a sphinx application .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  for cross compatibility between python 2 and a certain value .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get geometryoutput by interpolationoffset and add the output to a geometryoutput by geometryoutput .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert an icmpv6 ip address from a uri .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get a list of optional identifiers from the cloud profile .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return full absolute path to resource relative to the operating system .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensure that the parent contains a doctest name .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return the list of paths matching the given path cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch an google artist from google cloud storage .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  remove files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  subscribes a frame to its records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend function to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login protected view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  display the global ui community string .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if the provided string is a type .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask a question; message .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace hook .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests whether simple dependency contains simple info file .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the index key from the right parameters .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate that loop is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  runs the internal function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts s to a string .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  multi remaining remaining time for a given start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename and return the inferred source code .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  converts a dictionary of key-value pairs to a json object .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  try to get a reliable version .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure that the container agent is enabled to the function enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  return the number of bits that are assigned to store in the given mask and offset .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  execute a delfacl acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  creates a new rotation image with the same dimension ordering of a 4d rotation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  create a decorator that makes sure that an ccx-aware management state first and the previous state given .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique elements .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main one or more user receivers receivers receivers a saved group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  configure vtk wrapper .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  the size for a given parameter .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  verifies that the provided response was marked as the path/method .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  convert an application error to a http error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  iterate through state .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a permission function for a given object .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  given a directory .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test a line of possible tuples .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add images to an affine file parameters empty file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine whether a stage should be upper-cased by checking if the stage should be upper-cased .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  returns the field type for the db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a real string with htmlsplitter and submits names .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of extra documents with 1 and tn .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  convert coordinates in os-independent to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns whether the given class is such that we should recreate a sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create and return a widget instance .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the index file and on-disk units match after format conversion conversion .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  moves notification to a given event from one or more subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  put the login for the given host and port .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test these testing table .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads configuration file and return parsed config .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  generate a native 'silverlight' for a non-geographical inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the path of the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all the sessions for the given device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  deprecated name .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first two index .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  debian smbios .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  removes the headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns the packet .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  return the commit merge of the log .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  returns the model class in the given model or module .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  ll -> log lognorm .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  computes the periodogram for a csr/csc distribution .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this function things to another files that can be used to another module .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell the command to be executed by the topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstalls the current system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return the sparse matrix of the sparse matrices .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks to send when a given number of subtasks subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and their actions .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used for hypersearch requests that should be routed .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy a keys from the source to the destination directory .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  open the users password .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop all gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of the slave sql statements from database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  return true if the ca certs from the filesystem exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton linkage and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config dictionary .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  add an array to the large group slices .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in a line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove a given title .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a list of all returners that an optional host is ran for the given host cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  helper function to convert triple color triple to size in a subshell color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator to simplify catching logic .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that the user can view the given details .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if there is a two related mount point .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  shows that the function is being deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function for restoring action id limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  converts a date in the given datetime .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the tags from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if tags were deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors were not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  tests that the index value for step forbids calling a python object .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the equate equate by the xmlelement .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers an octoprint widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  fake longs .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the field or class java .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see pull variables with given context .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to an array .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate handle of it from handle .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a dict with the document data pertinent for the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  this executes a html summary of the these these generated from the html to the design design .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return a list of file names from the current database directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a helper function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verifies that property name is preserved correctly .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  checks the online_last_minutes version with a or preserving available for the major .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  query the given query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical locator with numticks .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  convert a matrices from a dw matrix .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a nmap scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  commit a list of commits in reverse order .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get a geometry output directory .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return an icon for a given job id .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  a synonym for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get a list of dns entries for the given domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  returns messages to query from reports .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test get_file_list .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  prepares partial type of value to pass it to a tuple of .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  set up the payload for the topic .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  given a dictionary of metrics .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  returns a file descriptor .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  format a list of country zones from a time .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return whether or not a path .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that the results of timeit function works as expected .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  serializes polyline points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is disabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create temporary folders as a dict .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records for specific attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the estimated interpolation .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all shared doctype for the given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  if => tags contained by the name .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return an instance of the calling *pyval* .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if old page is available for info if title .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a degree of a list .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for timing authentication .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  enable virt only for each argument that need to be run .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  retrieves the fake variables required for a template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a sparse matrix .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check reference to make sure that it was used with a reference tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of available keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  registers the function or method as a exit .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  handle a new aws commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  given a set of pdb .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the default footer for a given model .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source string to the target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test parsing with an optional exclude_names .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a list of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns whether the value is a empty string .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the expression with the tokens in the expression tree .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the keywords needed to build a new file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number as a string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  given a fused signature and a fused type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  writes data retrieved from a url to a response object .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  helper to load data and negative binary data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the uncommented similarity of two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return a helper function that updates a timestamp for the given stream .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the pcap for the given package name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  get csv for each section in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  save option for the given option .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of names in the current cursor .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the filename to filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  this is a resized resized function .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  check that expected value is equal to or a mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid for the given name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate an interface for the given option .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  return a specific list of headers in the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  parses the variables in a ring and returns .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a certain indent of a certain indent .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a vif model to a previously constructed .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  decrypts the msgids .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate an environment for a given power type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the number of callables that are in the given callables .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  get the qual stats according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the smallest node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a dict of the license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up masquerading for sphinx .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return a version of two strings .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  return an iterable of element matching the given list of arbitrary values .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return the qualified name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that mocks and return a mock .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  raises a symbolic type with the same dtype .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse and return a schema class for a given resource .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register a new modeladmin .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of the indices that go slices and last dimension .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a codegen if the object is a type .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a configuration .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a private key from a list of alarm and exit .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts an integer to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  factorial of sequences .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests the view that is deleted and will be deleted .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given the device name for a program .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  this function finds a flash encryption pair .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a network container container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  returns a short hash for a given string .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  targets an attribute name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the path is a float with a float .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a list of lists into chunks of iterables .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return a set of .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a list of group(1) from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure setv works correctly .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns fully qualified component of component in component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a compute file .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  plugin registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an expression for a validator .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  calculate fitness for given genome .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  returns the projection number .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check if the function is running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  shows the login as disabled .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches a pattern matching a given pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  remove the cache .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the graph of the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable to the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  sometimes must be used as a html file .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns a string like user has a libzmq for the call was done on .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  given two floats .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert textfile to text using the given df_modelwc file .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  rather than spectra for sub-expressions correction < proportions for use in lhs .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a set of rotations to a julian string .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a sign for use as rpc .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  check if the given layer is valid .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the command line for an alignment file handle .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove report for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  return true if the given server is running .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  expect config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a list of sample_dicts frames that have been events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output of a given base .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level hermite polynomials by plan_id of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define the same type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  add a chprofile cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a relationship() list of route .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a service value from a specified bytestring .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  lower-case a value that has been set .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an optional bank key .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box for bounding in a box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  does this localpart have a valid domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  adds a package to the pkgs on the pkgs .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  release an appropriate request type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  allow aws configuration to be run at aws app .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if a given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  builds a dictionary with the given arguments .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode a base64 encoded data using the given base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the display spec for the given spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  given the configuration option .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  colorize text in a single latex .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr operator .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  execute the given directory to expire the temporary directory that is useful for duration when you want to use the final test .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  try to parse an image from a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  tells program for listing command-line tool .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  take a datetime object and returns a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 formated string to a iso format .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice dice .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process numba :type modname: str .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for passing a specific argument to vec .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  deletes the content and log them in the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses a *query field from an upload information .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  retrieve the manifest for a repository from the repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  intercepts a short code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts and returns arg list from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests that the string le32 works with strings in the string .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the current power status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load the request .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  helper function that global ast id for global utility .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit 32-bit integer .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  add the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  make sure that the current user_input is emitted .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform a latex string into a latex expression .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants version of the pants command .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  equivalent of the function fn .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the bcache device symlinks of just scanning for a given interface .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge config .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  create and write the contents of the command line at the given length .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name on a name .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract the dictionary and host:port from a given schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture that offers a test case .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a version of urllib2 .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the token from the provided response .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a dict containing the last-modified attribute of a each entry .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  render the data and call callable with the given args and the given context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  form a given list of lists .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over all possible tuples in nested dictionaries .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the tool shed via the new applications .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a number as a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return a * b for *a* .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form for a basket form page .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality of a solution .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of our mutable .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable over the errback position .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  parse yaml text to get a dict of definition .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  create transcript requests for our transcript .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  returns a form for the form of a form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail fail when pip wheel finds a wheel .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a temporary file from a given path .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a replacement .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document based on the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the running password .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths by file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  fetch reformatted url and return response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  maximum of array elements over a given axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if the scenario tags contains .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read and return a list of characters from the size .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  takes a string that may be used by a friends .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays a list of ip/cidr .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns list of overall summary for an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of available deltas static_url in this module .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object a untrash if one object has untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for association for every show to reach qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generates a generator that produces the debug body of the given list .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  return the size of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one or more units and checker units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit a kmeans estimator .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text3d .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is installed to return whether or not a global aws .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install an arbitrary python app .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  authenticate the server config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the current lesser cwd if no system is given .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create an attribute for a property or set .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode a string or unicode instance .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable has any theano dim .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return the limit for the given item limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the distance matrix from a 1d array .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  format a tuple for the given color and a bokeh tuple .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns a traceback containing completely from the error module .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file containing the name of the file or folder .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  the binary number of bits that are in binary .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  splits a sentence into chunks of string chunks .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  generate a pack pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a parser object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt lock sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid location for the given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate tarball .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  callback function for the string .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a new authorization key into the output .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build the url for the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  set up the modbus platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level represented by its lock .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  used to render a view that returns a httpresponse .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  displays a list of form .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads data in training .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get directory to use for dpid .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the request loaded loaded data files .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  returns the date of a datetime according to the closest date format .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the courses and inline children of the discussion request .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the yadis attribute for this document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get permissions for a project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  compare a list of alfred .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  load if hadoop is present .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch the image from the given image and target it .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid is valid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an appropriate query instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset of the superset file names .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return a vector indicating that the ith is not a set of indices .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys corresponding to the keys for keys .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the number of initial roots of a univariate polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode context for the current image cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar for either uniform spacing or a rectangular spacing based on a chart using either chart .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  compute the memory setting for a multiplier label .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the service rules .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  construct a expected bar value from a given date .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  replace unicode object .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the string representation of a named function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new synchronized shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but expects the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  delete a key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  fetch a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test types and class .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate a matplotlib figure .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the current os .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively collects a list of files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  skip a test unless a database is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial from a dict of values .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of the arguments sorted by the names .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  list tags for a specific items .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an correlation matrix containing a process with corresponding nonnegative process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  custom dummy function to setup the dummy feature .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an ssh connection by a remote method and connect to the given connection .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return dictionary of styles and apply to the styles or the parameters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the size of a specific vm .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  it should build a feature dictionary .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a list with all childs .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on a specific field .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell whether a rule is a coerce code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current layer for a given mime-type .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the running thread instance .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move cross entropy between two sequences .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a helper function .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo p-values for one set of values for each open in the case .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return an iterable of the current context .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the valuable of invalid values .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  deprecated since python built-in file .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build the cached p4 for a given command line .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to cpu format .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns a hashlib class takes a class name and a class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance is a distance metric to quantify the similarity between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render internals .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return text with the given text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get current logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  sends an email object for a new notification .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text as a slightly specified by the transcode .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that the named package is not being used .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict describing the last function .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary of equivalences of a given type .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a directory and all its initial schema .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns a boolean to whether two neighbors is the same as a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  returns the default phase for the given value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  helper for private args and make json serializable .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  return the uniformly name .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load a set of substrings for a []lines .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates a resource provider provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates an sql query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  takes a number of shared numbers and returns a shared array that is projected to be called with 1 .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  tries to find a .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file from the filename .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns the items in a spread matrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  return the last access path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the username .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  make concurrency bugs to stdout .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:custom attrib plugin .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a create a ci-skip message for an upnp server .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create the directory for the script .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  takes a set of tuples .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  returns the descendants of the descendants for this shuup rather than the given id .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query object .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a calendar format time string to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django server .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  access to the response body .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  reads a url for the given path .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract information about a text string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  handle the user .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  checks whether the roles is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure that the ['b' functions do not refer to a column column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a list of regexp .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  create a fake route with the given name .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns the metadata rule for this application .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the non-existent of the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json managed metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the data into a network .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if the value is a valid git string .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the size of the provided size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  table table plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the empty array of a given matrices .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper method for parallel canvas .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  create a figure and a plot plot .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  return the votable votable dictionary based on the folders in the votable draft or a letter .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function is called only .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  computes the md5 checksum of a string .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively generate a directory tree in a given path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns a boolean indicating if x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  a dummy function that will the given file object from a file with the given the given the given the given the entire file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks that the list of strings that are available .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attribute list for the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container from a docker installation container container id timeout this is a exit to restart with the superpack function to restart cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  internal helper function .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes an aws key for a given pack algorithm .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  this function is wrapper to ensure that the queries in an optional namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the inverse barcode .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given one result from mapbox and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function for compile_single which search keys may be used by the first itself .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove single job jobs .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  deletes a calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg halt cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  return a reference to or ipv6 address from an epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the decorated functions to be active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a dict of a given set of dictionaries .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  cublas version of theano .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique key string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  exception handler to edit the file editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the mode for the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  generate cgroup mountpoint by attaching a list of supported controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network digraph with n nodes and redirection probability .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the value of the module encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  compute the install colormap on a given file .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the name of the current request .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear system function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse an creation creation string in format and return a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor network that allows us to specify a file record stream .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of all the versioned versioned id for a given field .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of word2vec word2vec by batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  check and convert a string to an internal string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  given the command line arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns a milestone content usage path for the given course .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write multiple images .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a list with the result of a given model class .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  add a launch request to an launch request .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of seconds that is a string .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  stub for raw components in an array .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validate and return a valid value for option of type '' .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python names with its document .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  gets the revision representation of a dict and formats it as a dict .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  search a possibly pattern string back into a v1-style pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add to a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  imports an image object as a triple of the file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  given a path .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the first amount of r2 .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal results cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator for getting a decorator for a given app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a string and add it to an openpyxl .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  used to mangle loop over a node .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  for an audio file to save it in a new way .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called when the __init__ manager is complete .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests if a string is a valid xml dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse new new values and return results .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse an http header into a tuple of authentication header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list the installed packages on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  marks the function as internally used .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called if the source is loaded .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  retrieve the html of the page with the given css .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get elapsed ip from enough or returns the number of current values as a compressed .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  the normal distribution function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device specified by the corresponding min_samples_split of a std device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  check if the header contains an image .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  enforces a user .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom table sql statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given a vm state and a list of vm name .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  provides the lc_messages directory of the requested locale .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the default directory for the directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from the cache using pickle arguments: tex_root -- the string to be saved on the cache returns: enum .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  returns content from db .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a performance to a more module or a string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete all user data from all deactivated that have not been created .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return a set containing all values in a list .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  check if object is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  strips the microseconds field from a timedelta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the first ips of an http ips .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that a note: note: true .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the desktop flag for the given connection .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  create a new pair in a nested environment .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping file instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  this should be removed after the tests have been created .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  make sure a string is a valid utf-8 .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is a doctest .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  multi-dimensional intervals that theres a "mobile" attribute lookup .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the function given a function name and list of its properties returns {tagged: true} if the named function is available .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers specified in the specified module .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the set of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the timezone preferred time zone as status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  numpyprinter goes .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a adapter adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider sizes for a given provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the input impossible to floats .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  borrowed from the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current logical dns name .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the vm .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command line process with arguments .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  creates a script with its contents .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a about the given key and the resulting dictionary .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module name of a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  common prefixes utility for indicies .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a scalar object .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check whether locale data is present in the current context .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection of the graph that contains the edges in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove certbot info from the system .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  we allow a course modes and add a course info to the given enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading a table with normal table names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns the given list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  connect to set of devices and connect to hd .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  converts a string argument to a np .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  return what services are available to install cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  prepare the pip command line for installing the pip script .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the path to the temp file .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a number in python 2 .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize a new logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  cleans up test fixtures .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  creates a function used in a class by passing a view into a single argument .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  create the process for the given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child child of a node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  remove a series of compiled format .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value from utf-8 to utf-8 format .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with array_like correlation coefficients for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set interactive and format them as a string .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears review review to this review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  load an integer tensor from a set of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  build the fletcher-16 hexadecimal representation of a multi-line byte string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available package version .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns a fourier series in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute a mapping of ones with a given cluster .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  take a dict and values of the string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return inverse of all possible elements .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return dict where keys are lines in code for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compare the real and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic token validation .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments and split into a list .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db ip from the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the current group class for the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the image information for this image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a list of files from a given toc .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a rule using a tree .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  call a remote gceaddress for one or more or more jobs .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an now report to the given .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate the twisted tmux tmux configs .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  made me fall in love with python 2 .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  replacement for a point to be associated with a replacement .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  create a multivariate spectral polynomial for use in a given iterable of arrays .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert the ground domain of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets the dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters dict and emit a dict of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code when download a download status .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the average mean of the projects .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if value is a datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return the most common adapter name .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip rst .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list with the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a very weird memoize function .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  shows a learner as a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  create a simplex model of v .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a new led definition .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  returns the name of the installed migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging a more than a elapsed logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign in the given textbook .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database the current the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name based on the given alias and a set of alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc provides a function .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about the given api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out unwanted items in a list by its value .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  use the inverse of a generator .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  computes the mode of an array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs into an array of 2d array .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a list of lists that have different ways of data .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  the try/except wrapper around matplotlib version .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validate that the namespace name is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the cloud data .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise numbers of a given 1-d value .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return a list of the values in an two fly .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  return a mechanism for takes a given response .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  construct and return catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource type from the configuration for the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  note: must be holding the _lazylock .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a python modules that can be checked for modules .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  sync the namespace into a masked chart .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the open definition of the current thread .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  execute a uninstall action on a specific database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  initialize the telldus .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to the module manifest .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to a number of characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a stream and install them to the root logger .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  create a directory from a file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  converts a passed in to a tuple .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a command console console console to help .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of the available volume groups .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from one s3 bucket .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  returns variance of two images .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  compute confusion matrix computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a get_ha1 function which returns a time that will 63 a given clock .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  a scenario outline should be created .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  images - filters - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  builds a dictionary of documentation from the given class .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  get the function that will call a function with a given snapshot .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file to bokeh-travis s3 bucket under a specific bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  create a manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  custom key repository list of responding repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a local ip address for the given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get an html tree list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an opt-out emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data coming .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  method decorator to execute query if it is not a valid query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a number is a leniency grouping .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the nn ports out to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a mane endpoint from a given endpoint .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return btrfs version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a new ndarray with ellipse and height .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a rate limit for the given user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieve metadata for a course and return the corresponding metadata .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show the contents of an interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the input array of the current image .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a command line directories .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the docstring for a given source for .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a message from a given service .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests whether a header key starts with and is longer than the sys of a given user metadata or a header key .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  with the columns of a mixin table and optional name .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return a new .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high high scores as a dict .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  utility function to get enum values from strings .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the information about the rubygems command .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  create a list of directories in the given list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is in a set of paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns all filtering/annotating of the given name .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a dictionary where first and a dot dot list of fields are from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key to a string for use in the context .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return a cholesky for the array of equal to lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that whos strategy exists .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake header header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that the po logs out .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  undo the primary code at the given object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the default data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a string made up of xpath case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get the http response path .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge 2 dictionaries .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of a given directory .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  a helper function to encode a string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities from the given uuid and returns it .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the style logging for a non-standard log .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a string for printing the python documentation .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string which contains all values of a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get the return the return the object from the hint .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the xml element and convert it into a created .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete the value of a model with a set of export-friendly .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  deletes all cgroups for the given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of the directory to all directories of the user that need to be deleted .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the four seed a: mu and that the same way as the same way .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of the feature to be escaped on startup .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller - used for map popups @deprecated - used by searching for map .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the shortcut index of the shortcut .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url and counts for a given url .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  retrieve the authenticated user for a backend or backend .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get all volumes belonging to a list of volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo alarm globals .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return theres the blockmatrices and the types of the screen .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the tpot layers correctly sets the same mean and scale .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data from the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a dict of information .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as a function to be called with syncing .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets html with given stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for views .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return of each url in the given mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract options from a list of text .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the users backoff backoff for an initial linear backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  given a coordinate or list of matching data matches in a coordinate graph .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ensure a multivariate line numbers .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  set up debug level .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a list of lists of elements of the input array .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the raw denom of a matrix .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the file subs for given addon .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover level counts for a container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  regex regex in matcher .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the current api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of the package where the package is .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns the number of validation digit digit for a given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return a theano variable from a string .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare comparison of mercurial partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a dictionary of memory relative to instance after a complete image before user-entered .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute a command and return its output as a subprocess .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a doc and fallback document .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  return true if sh is a file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  set some i18n stuff for a response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes in a ast node .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns an e-mail for a reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  compute the number of repeats on prediction see also .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the given process and close its close to the given process .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  returns a latest url for the given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates a response and give it to the response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood estimator for a 1d distribution .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the test database .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  change control inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a signal function that accepts a permission on a specific user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if the given cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return true if the given backend has enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an effect for the flocker package from the distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to be called with a method .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return issubclass and b for two or tuple .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test the shape of the running wrt is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a datetime to a given number of values .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert text to utf-8 if possible .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return a function which returns the dot dot product of the graph .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  linux uses the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if a given kernel is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context for a user in a given course .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  finds the location of the instance in set terminal that it fits .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  returns a list of all the results of a given file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  display a list of stored in the user choose route .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  redirect all legacy in the legacy column to the given category .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  determine if the filename contains any of the given filename .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a hash that has the contents of a file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a boolean .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  simple_stmt : return_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score to :type email .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of unique elements .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to iterate over a synthetic file .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert bytes as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  mimic the first set of preferred aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of the allowed plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the kruskal-wallis cross entropy function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  sets the path to the current image .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  there is no threading .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a list or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the list of the given series the right series for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if name is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around an assignment .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is the index components of x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simple error handler for no default srcdir .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to amazon connection given credentials and return aws myminion euca .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  authentication the given data with the given permissions .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  inverse of escape .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return the current upgradable command .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  download a file from a url to the minion saltenv : str the path to the container parent directory and return case of that file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  converts the given fields to a collection of kwargs .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email to a link .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a names into a gpio by default values .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  this function takes a string containing a rpm tag and converts it to a rpm tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  make a task from a request .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the given flags is an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  a pipe for the tsv keyword arguments .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command on the hadoop system .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  unconditionally receivers .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to the widget settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on the db-host .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the correct captured captured for a given tuple .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that column of ma .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a *very* .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return the text oid for the given sysctl object .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return shape of the 2nd of the command labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  generate a details for a summary of ini ini .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the gcode is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a decorator for mutating that returns a .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  scans akismet akismet and return comment .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  makes a repository that contains the value of those that is not used .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an image and rois within that project into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform predicate for an predicate function .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the_list the_list of an exception .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch package is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  an application length of .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table with groups of discovered and mask are not part of those .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  the text of this function works .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a sqlite sqlite function from a cursor with all rows in its checked .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  displays helpful handler for debugging .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  create a associate email .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  inserts the request to an new firebase token .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from path .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type by name .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return a wrapper for title widget .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given a sequence of pkg pkg pkg .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  check if a tenant exists return if a already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends the given data .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a query details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type by copying a resource type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  clears a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: the canonical form of a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a dictionary of hosts of all hosts and tests for the given set and serialization and serialization .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get the location from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch branch and upgrade about the bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  parse a running system at_time the resulting time in seconds .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a remote secret for a path specified .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get all farness .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file recursively .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g is a distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a list of pages .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed_ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls func .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  verifies that the given text using the transport create .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  takes a multi-dimensional transform and returns a new geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key for a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  rename a new transcripts request .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  construct a resource fragment out of the entire server .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the vault service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  i have the owning module .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  start a fixed ip for a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  potential potential raise a set of potential index from string .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate a set of sequences against the given ipv6 similarity .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  execute the git state .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a unique object that resets its acl .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert a time in seconds to an excel buffer .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  given a path pattern .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return the disk for an array of read-only patches .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory on the filesystem .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  factory function that creates a new wsgi middleware .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process paths by side .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list with all user notifications or dictionary of the given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object given its name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for a function that automatically ignores the given object .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the datastores available .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  escape non-ascii characters in seconds .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 440-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test the thx .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert a path object into a python object .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs a python server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx decode-url thunder:// .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the grade grade determinant of the vectors for each element of the vectors for a given number of pages .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners complex listeners on initial initial host .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  look up the directory for the given path .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test discrete lyapunov function .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that when a string is a valid secret_key .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a function and a method .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  portable popen() interface .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  uses the version of the package to load the current working directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  executes the given collection .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes a map of text for a given .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  execute a python command with python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  posts the given cursor .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  avoid extraneous extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve an mro to the model class .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the connections to use .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if all targets contained in the target list .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a share object corresponding to a given destination in the given url .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  get the line-separated lines of a grep file .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  remove items matching the given paths .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  return a dict whose values are lists of abundance .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split the first path into a list of path components .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  compute the value for each component in a with the given value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  return the attributes for a resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression of a sympy expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  returns the current closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get the migration of the migration .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test that the 2d mode doesnt have 2d than 2d rechunk .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return a key from keys that can be checked out of a key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * url * url .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  session and returns a javascript object .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  instantiate a wsgi server to a wsgi server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test heterogeneous .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the user prefix for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the negative lower bound for the given density .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  normalize the decorrelation color space / columns .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a numpy matrix given a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send analytics event for a given event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test the unicode bar bar .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a list of xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  mock all applications .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a port description for loading and returns an antlr .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  imports and returns a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  provide the inverse of a given value .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  searches a string for a search based on a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  this function returns the url for the user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  the address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the username and return a dict describing the user is a message function and the email address of the requested on .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  download a unicode condition and return the object .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  this method is used for sort sort sort for training .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a url to a native format .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total hist threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object from the authenticated file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  determine if user has list access to this key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests that we can parse a multi-line file for a few *snippet_file_name* .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  request to return the request for an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the standard deviation of a python object .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return a list of elements of seq[i] with the highest func scores .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from the given path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information about a kernel volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  imports & confirm that do not have a greeting .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  returns a storage that matches the given python function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  returns a parsed expression object for a list of expressions .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of roles to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  there will be no threading if the current environment is a good state .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create a list of the projector that can be used to make a number of alternate characters .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data using a base64 encoding .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  fixture to generate a temporary analyze file immediately .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate the date from a given date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad the given list of values .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  retrieve the input from the specified url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  knowledge base documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper for run_module .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the base64 encoded input .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get open anonymous cart or open cart :type users: str .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user def .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return whether the current daemon .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and vice versa .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html string .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a email formats for authentication descriptors .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  quick function to hide vmstat .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in portion of the portion of the unique portion of portion .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return a list of command-line arguments .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated in deprecated .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse out the requested header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a shelve .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse a method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as a floating point value .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from last fif file .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  check to see if the named directory exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  extract the list from the environment .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  l2 squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point in degrees .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a helper function to generate a list of columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  returns a sortkey that has the same name as the items of a deferred .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set quotation price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get config from a invalid user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get the volume type for a profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  finds all uid for a range .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  setup the gpsd [nx tv platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve media version according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recently updated data for a given jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compiles a library and checks whether its dependencies are available .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if path has available .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  copies the given host to a remote host using the supplied connection .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid anon .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  this function installs a temporary service and installs it as a managed thread .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  simple helper function .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  pass to a command and yield output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import from numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the exception is instantiated .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test loading sqd .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow root to be via harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces a string with camelcase separated by its outline .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence correctly from the list of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the appropriate state of the file/directory .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip zulip node to zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uploads a servers in the following listing .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical dictionary of a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns dict of data-structure from a list of who .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  profile an profile post .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  returns the entire python configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration configuration from the entire file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id from the group id or id to this system under the group group to convert to the group name .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a maskdef .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the default textiowrapper class for this module .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  atomically cleaned all errors .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  move the value from the noop command .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put the given keyname .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a json list of absolute paths to be used for .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant service .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  computes spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a triggers from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  waitfordeferred that always returns a new one instance of the levi-civita class .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  put a new email change .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a restful crud assumptions .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the generator as a nested file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  writes a directory to a temporary directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  applies a remote user to the given map .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  generate internal ami metadata for a given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  attempt to execute non-shared storage "all" migration cli example: .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  whether or not an type name is directly .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  get reference hosts for a given cluster or service .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function to return whether a path is a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  generator that returns the open file from a 1024 file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return a copy of the values with all keys having values .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  a context manager that atomically updates the file that is raised from the given https .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  pretty print the current exception .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper function to run a module in the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the line-search should be included .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given command on the given url .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  writes the unicode test databases to a file .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample an array from multiple of the mixture model given by the mixture covariance matrix .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience function to create a new usercontributionsmodel string .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of available regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  this function is called to be sure the javascript module is loaded in unicode and set it to use .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return native data for the native range .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  converts any urls in a binary format into an array .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  helper function to convert an object to a field .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sname .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a finite random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager that creates a directory for temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return equation for spherical point in degrees .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger directory path .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  given a list of torrent instances .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a semaphore object .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  combine latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address of a device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a specific firewall .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  given a sequence of image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize an unknown scalar .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract date from a utc datetime format .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return true if filename may be included in an zip file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call a function in a thread and run the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  create an environment dictionary with the given name .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  returns a new word distance of the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks into a unix epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe an engine by creating a namespace .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits the transaction manager into a managed transactions .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of a given array .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to be created .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the standard uid and user id .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a string of the form starred by a form starred .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros in an array of shape .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  regression test for bug tries to make sure the streams version of the repeat ints .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a dataset with indices so that it sends a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to the feedback system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the value of the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname strings .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an exception if query-string is not in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an email with a then i .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a query string from the discovery name .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the art into the given file path .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  return the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  return num if it is a hexadecimal .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a win32api for a given course_id and tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random os .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load image from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the given field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier in the multiplier documentation .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user user .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  add a new .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  return true if a given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns the current magic magic magic variables .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  retrieve the rights of a collection names field .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a dict of daily concat input from a folder of daily .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in a given format and return its content .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the view that uses a details to test rows .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the string value with all the whitespace removed .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert ipv6 addresses to the given graph .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns any urls into a native url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given updates .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct a scheduled harmonic call .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily override the suspend .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a string and creates a queue .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset the data from the metadata server .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  whether the *src* is in the path .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy error on the given error .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  copies a function or method as a regular expression .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  sets the http route for a given family .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute index loss for normalized translation .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  verify the given ip for the supplied parameters type and returns true if the method exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime to the corresponding python datetime .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  sending -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> x .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets opacity image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  query the current application .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a file-like object from a file .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  determine the probe probe .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a string like a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  this is a silly small function which reads from a file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup app for sphinx extension .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and returns a pep 302 point .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  usage: {{ debug allows you to be updated at a time .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  handle a draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  common to run a number of queries on a production database .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response to a tuple command .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  callback to add option to the required optionparser .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  return an configured file server .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create a elimination on an array of matrices .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  read_utf8() is a binary string from the bin file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  returns the chain of the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a proxy function to check if there is a isoinfo identifier .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new key:value name of the volume to create a new volume name of the volume name for the server to attach
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  returns a decorator that can be used by other metadata .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse secant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node from the modified node .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return a list of final status of the final statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  find the path to the target at path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  typicalmemoryerror should be executed .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return an os .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the directs id of the given program via the qualified id .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get a list of application that the system pac :jenkins-wiki:sonarqube .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a test'] .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render the javascript as json chunk and call the result of calling jsonp .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  registered handler for parsing events .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a value of information about the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install private certificates and private certificates .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs link .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return tuples of linked external articles and truth database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper method to return a cohort for the given cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the current yaml settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates the thumbnail for a thumbnail via the layer params .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  return the runs tests .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  make fnclex context manager .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  adapt the model namespace of an object on the given text .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert a color identifier to degrees .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  apply the chunk of data from a stream .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a base91-encoded obsucfated with the ckan derived from diagonals .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the given language has a given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns all the semanage data for this protocol .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the value of a jobconf variable from the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of the manifest to all the files listed into .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get the colour for the tuple specific color tuple .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  when a wrapper for commands to signals .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes the database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  return a unicode string of a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two digests value from a key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  given a path to a list of strings .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  create an ssl ssl directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read and return the configuration .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if the objects were loaded correctly .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if a user has an allowed uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a given subscription to the native subscription to the native subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  extracts the given string from an http response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting gradient .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  handler for the /api/ requests .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the power of the minkowski distance distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  returns the given html with comments .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return the call .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that checks if a given object contains all the files in the given classes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  process the item in epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  create a rule via a tensor .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add a node that may be displayed on the node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parses a update topic data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long string to a bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the given mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the cli prompt .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all vms on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if there are inside a negative packet .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a dict and put exceptions for an entire scene .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract data from the first log file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of sequence .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a chunk to a chunk of tasks .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the a log(det(m)) .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  ensure person organisation are created from the training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  computes the [elementwise] stack of a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash execute a stash command .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  retrieves a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  returns the current site for the profile profile .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to clone tool shed tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  turn a set of lists into a single list of strings .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  get information about the system cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to override the default groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number that will sleep for create_rpc()s .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  stop the python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  prepend a list of urls into a splitport pattern .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if a field is a reverse ipv4 address .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  list of precomputed similarity for : divequal .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  the node generator returns true if a node is given .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a new app to site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  computes the coefficient of the values in the workbook .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a path from the given path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  generate completion to handle dataset .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  wrapper around image and resize the image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test dot with a dot .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  refresh the root root directory for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the number of stored file paths .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for defining directories .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute the spline in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the list of features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create a routed add_dict_to_cookiejar with the given ssh server .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  searches all files under path .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package refresh force a refresh if set to upgrade is given .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a registered instance of a registered feature .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return for a ctypes difference between two points .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  return true if the scala location is not equal to the given path location .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  return whether the given string is a character .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes the given html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all left .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input is also work for (e .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for getting errors that need to load aws credentials .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method with a prefix .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the json for use as json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return clean the doctype with all html tags removed from the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack name is a type .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the correct type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create and write a file on disk with the given filename .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into table into command table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the given function that maps the resulting arguments to be started for running in a specific code .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  connect to a mailchimp request and return it .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create a default size of width if the exception is defined .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the real tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf home directory .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  add a schema for an builder .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  formats a list of message sizes for use in a list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert a value to a global state if it has already been changed .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  perform coordinate tuple like so: .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  process a message explaining .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  construct a polys value .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given character hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  the main function .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary for a given smoothing and returns a tuple .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new conda environment .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that will take a function that returns an rewritten exception .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit given by given key config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple class for tests that dont have a single method .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert a theoretical string into a native python values .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  hsg the filesystem paths to the given path .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  a generator that preserves existing lines and spaces .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  a factory for blocks a resource .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cracks the user .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated methods returns a boolean value is not a valid string .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a argument argument to read the command line options :returns: a options manager .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key from a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete users user cli examples: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for an nicely .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  compute the blocked elementwise function .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorate a record-style response for an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  evaluate an expression for a positive or "truthy" to the advance shares .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock is a file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of servers to store a string of tracks .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a clip with the given matplotlib mean .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a single state as the execute a execute read and read it from the output .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of annotations to a list .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  return a random text string with a given decoding .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  this function updates a hack that can be a newline in a statement format .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  all near-enough domain-matches .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative items in the given list .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  compute an amount of taxes by given value .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  collect file names from a given file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the default list of english code for english .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of payload via pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  updates key and library related to the given index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  compute singular values for a given 2d array .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  build a cache module cix element tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  returns task data for a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid function .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add to the rotation loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  convert the list of column names to an ast node .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes an inline user object and an identifier and returns the relevant one which can be converted to retrieve the user specified by assignment_tag_without_context_parameter .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the port number of the "truth" constructor .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a list of nodes in the graph g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  returns an iterator over the n of a sorted list .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to the given number generator .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  to generate a non technique dictionary .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a new create_object .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a dictionary of metrics for a node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  execute the raw args and print the output .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for this linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test creating sphere from a few component .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the information of the active extended information .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic or advanced a document with the optional positive arguments .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clears all translation for given document .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split a list into two ndarrays .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db directories are marked as store .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns reverification-related data from all featured app .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  recursively copy a source file from one source to another .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle to a genepop file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load load a build after a build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a dataset from the zoneminder service .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert v to a pure complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the given cloud profile .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  tests that *x* is only used to gather eliot tests .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed mean of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the user wants to be single-commodity .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets password request .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 or rgb array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  get a python class from the qt fonts .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a new dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  retrieves the description of an existing interface and return the tagging ip addresses for the network interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders a certificate template with a custom filters for the given context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  returns the best name of a character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make sure that a json string is json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns a random expression of random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers for a given css events .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a bom with the given prefix .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments for given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines which should be located as a script .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  perform the measurement info for the measurement on the elementnode .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  return the timeline of the given timeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  return a boolean indicating whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of for jobs which contain completed for each job in a list of datasets .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combines multiple functions into a single range .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  return a list of current port trees and their extra information cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  takes an hdfs path from a url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  lists the metric available for this project .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  the os/2 usage is created from the path .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  removes a column by name from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a test connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all unique widgets for a given set of widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test handling of parsing .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of the managed tag tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print a text .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove any file in the directories .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  return an object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on whether or not the value is a valid domain .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the path to the directory documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return current timezone .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current override override override override .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  look up the dsym file .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test epoch with names and colors .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function to run a child process .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the visible devices dictionary .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json schema from a given schema .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the float angle for rotation matrix .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  retrieve and decode an integer according to the cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  calculate the values of a rationally version .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  wrapper around obj .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a given list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir function .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a dataset hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return a list of beautifulsoup and merge them into pages .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the state of the given state .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing description of a directory .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handle different customer .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns an instance of the configuration and the configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a list of stored instance from the blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  check policy corresponding to an action .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do a post request to the defined url .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the craft preferences .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate docker-py fields passed in ['user .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a new script object from the given request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the bank of the given words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  downloads the given item from the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  return a valid bytestring version of c .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  create a version from the db .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  test for both .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure the modules is not running .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the truncated value of xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute gaussian noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  create a appropriate for the given module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  make sure ast can compile valid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  return an expression of the rewrite that were mapped to the preorder-traverse of the expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks that the contactperson of the given kb is valid .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the given password .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  handle compiled value for user arguments .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face index index corresponding to the edge .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a python command with pyenvs shims using a specific version .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  reimplementation is the alignment helper function to rescale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two matrices into a single string .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the sample arithmetic variance of the sample .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a list of lines and yields a metadata file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  test contextmanager to watch the observer class .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  prepare a deferred which threaded_server has been removed .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  clone a task into a new list of software task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static settings .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that records that return a specified function in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  only run on systems .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns the path for the given relative path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the internal tag for a tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a new which returns the consumers of all consumers of a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  replace all references .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  returns the absolute path of the given system .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several portage packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  get the token for the current user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  look for all the face in the given css file .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  given a string permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context by name .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns an array of uniformly-distributed n .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  insert/update that the last bit of css os .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  expect the given message in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  create a sqlalchemy application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute an upper transformation of v .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  return a client-side if the beautifulsoup is a string of the deal with the cubic message and the sorted list of the supplied reference .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return beautifulsoup function to be used for precompute existing properties .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child of a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns a list of longest objects for the given longest string .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a path of a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues and mac address .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  parse a given ports .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize a given pid .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a jid for a given search unit .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a configured configuration file .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  checks that the most of the first and the values that we are vulnerable to do .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  combinations the sum .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram width using ellipsevisual .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  internal function to make sure that .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if we only support .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a case where it does not raise a valueerror .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp amp .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the full path as a tuple of the filesystem .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  lazy exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  installs a plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  return an unsigned found in the folder if found .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get the loops going loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns the revision id of the last downloaded .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  block the given html .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  make a string out of a list .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  factory function to create a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the cursor is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  generate a hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter the xml for a problem with xml .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a formatted string from an wide format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  given an folder name .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  returns information the color theme by the given color .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the state of a container cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the path for the builtin dependent file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  argument specification for the task .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  simple entropy .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns an iterable with the generated build .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a trace map for each of the given map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  year from given url .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues the console .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the index of the first kind in the array stack x .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  a helper function to get overall topologies of a tree using the target node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if a database has a weighted one .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the object is loaded and the correct python object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a persistent pipeline constructed from bloom .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a device for a given pyfunc .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  add to lowercase .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the debug in the bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http client is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  pig the *any* on the determinant of a specific collection .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  start the assets for the project .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all the files in the directory list .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  actually test for dbnames .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create a directory name for the given package .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  n346 - use neutron .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  return true if the container is present for the given image name a docker tag name to be unregistered .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  safe form of str .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a new log file for a given host .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given function to the given object and return it .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  save type into a type .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  called by a rule .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert python keys into the target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  check the secret key .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  concatenate flask tests .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  helper method to get a requests .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get a list of user names .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts the dict of the given links .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses a complex table from a specified data file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop the image at the specified location .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts filename to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return detailed information about a vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal values .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return a list of members of the user cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  returns a list of standard order of the values in x .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the string to be a timestamp .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  return a new version of the app with the given version .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  delete the given namespace .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  return the sequence of sequence classes according to the cluster .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a custom orphan for a given fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  get the thread count of a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a human readable time string .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate file and return a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a partial tool shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a cross expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  sets the alarm .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the given path into a datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  across risch evaluation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator that has been updated between the old page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  whitespace wrapper to be used for review or scans the call .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  render the values of an grant mapping file .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to get the date from a datetime object .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the url without the s3:// part .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink the decorated method .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary info .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two connection clients .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase containing all the dependents .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  return first coefficient of the dict t .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  there is a bug that encodes the journal journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get the current time .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  register the given log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all hypervisors available on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing *func* in nopython mode .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  sets the local dict for the given dict .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a new 2-d binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a a unsigned leading whitespace from a leading byte string which is the number between 0 and their entire .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  an internal timeout for the duration of the context .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to the file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value into the given type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns either the key given a relative type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  test for nested path .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  get all the paths to use .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  returns the default pathext .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that something get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  retrieves proxy information from a proxy response .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of an cartesian complexity .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a discrete random variable with a weibull distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  helper function that returns the most recent snapshot key .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate the local instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function to get a series of sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login form for the given user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the second volume of a volume sets as a set of node sets for the specified node .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return base64 encoded data in base64 format .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the correlation between vectors as vectors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  resets the given raw session for a given utf-8 session .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return a windows compiler for the windows compiler .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  unary_expression : assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a mask components into a string representing the indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a default initializer for weights or bias of a given initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns a list of for each level label .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show a information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the discrete log of a positive log base b .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize center function .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return active kb contributors for the given date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator for resolving class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge all options .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  whether the user is in the log file .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return a rounding .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk unit buffer .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  page for endpoints .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  works the entire and return a dict of information .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  helper function to visit all possible objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace the assumes that only uses the data op .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the graph for the given argparse argparse .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this method returns a string representing the notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used from a post request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run system command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  gets a permission permission model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a a dictionary of reserved strings indicating which is different from nzb .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  writes error messages to stderr only if stderr is true .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  determine if the function node is a method name .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss of a predicted and uses kwargs .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  send analytics ip for events occuring within celery events .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a list of all the documentation for the given module .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split a list into groups .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compiles a string into a space-separated object .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return path relative to astropy .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get user input from the user and password .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  this is a utility function to put it into a new one .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a simple service with a bing from yahoo .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  new changeset form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities at operation from the operation .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  compute an iterator on the label inverse of a node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the current server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of errors into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get a loop or filled loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return the antlr tree .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single blast source file into a bloom format .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  returns a particularly of tracks for the circuit circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  craetes a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a created snapshot from a template id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the given pack data .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  generate 0-255 string for this module .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into the cinder exception for the snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  migrates a device .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take an array of axes along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get a list of recursively processes from its contents .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a supplied providers provider .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group roles from a domain for a group from a domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  a view for the first .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  computes the variable of v in the variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to inform observers about an event notification .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test to ensure that a and b from the series .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  a helper for sending a callback in the callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple command-line program for listing the provided wiki .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  generate an rotation matrix in rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  make a user view .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  run a test with statement on a specific object .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns the number of random challenge for this module .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is a regular file .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a unique dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  sets an alias if a key matches the metadata metadata query .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  allows user to select a page .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears out all alarms on the minion .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse the binary options and return a tuple .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a pathname object by a pathname .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an image from the given remote server .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  output a vm vm : string vm to be targeted key : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image represented by the given image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate a generated document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if this is a particular dbref version of bokeh initialization .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return for a polynomial of degree t .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a backend name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the maximum distance from a the distance matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change an image to a specified header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested and non-nested message types .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns fully qualified path from the given image .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return reoriented morphological arguments: transform an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the value of the first kind in a matrix .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view decorator that checks to see if a node has a raw id .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  simple bidirectional function .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new instance of potential from the given operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut size and size of a set of nodes in the region .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value of a positive integer to a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  builds lun lun lun system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether depth contains some more than one there is a list of ordereddict .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer and a key-value pair of a file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return a new normalise .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  constructs a json object from the json serializable format .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a random key from the specified file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a placeholder suitable for the downloader given an external application .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce that is unlikely to repeat .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if a query is properly .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian download .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the string value of a given key .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  builds a convergence status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  retrieves the path for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the canon for p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method returns a suitable image url for a given course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  the validator validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  verifies that the upgrade is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a mock class for an equation .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if a directory is available and fails .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure that the named group is removed from the path .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: file execute a build file or execute a build .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  a utc time value .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  construct a new session ticket and store it to the according master key .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  create a panel with the given data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this function is a wrapper around os .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this script is invoked .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges : list .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used by a jpg directory .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generate a generator of lists of longs .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  check that the regression loc and can be used as various values in the binary ids .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  helper to add namespace to an elementtree tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  get a pointer argument for the given operation and double .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a list of files with the given metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  for an executable in the directory that contains a given directory .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  shows the figure and returns plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  generate a zipline assume .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  internal helper to add axis to the plot .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test i/o information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  set the current device to be used for logging .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse the first environment .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return a mask which is a trigs .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping in @roles with .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return overlapping overlapping commands .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates that value is a string or a subclass of option .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse json stream and produce all yaml documents in a stream .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with the first query .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return the pool of the nanoseconds command .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  when a file doesnt exist .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  return a datetime of data with canonical intact .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return whether the file is a *src_unit* string .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  create the login .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames graph .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  see :meth: .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary with the given option value .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  return repeating for given module name .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to enable the celery command .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server for the given server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  this function checks to see if a file is a directory .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  used from the named source directory .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of templates names from available templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a dict of parsed matching a descriptor .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  this method returns the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  clone soft dict a .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get axes axes according to given axes and right axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy one or more source files to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  finds and returns true if the machine exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  push a operation to the module server .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  open a new text with the given text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of test classes that reside a given suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  recursively set the given object to all the objects in the given list .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  generate a generator of position of the unified to get .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the main peak function .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests the creation of this test statement store .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  turn a datetime as a string according to the given date .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns a tuple of the known stream .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  return the langage setting for the language code .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return true if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  evaluate the score of a given score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  tell whether a command is being executed by the hadoop .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  in reset in dictionary .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an encoder for the given encoding and return its encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers less than one .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site for the current request .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if theres a decorator at cwd the path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return information about all the message .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  for a single test .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test create a canvas in a canvas .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return the leading degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a bem flow from the given name and return a string .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  the deleting hash is the first and the target bytes .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the given config is in the configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given an iterable of collectionsummarymodel instances .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  returns a list of length n-1 from a list of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return the model in the given model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a directed graph for adjacency temperature .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database return the database name of the user host the user host to connect as password the user host the host to port to port the port to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove one entity headers that are around compatible .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a summary to a search_service_pb tag .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on this system .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an explicit pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = arrays for each pair of rows x in x and y in y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete '--all-tenants' for a tenant/user .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn url fix the least demo file .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the absolute path .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a new tensor .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  create and return a page instance for our xbps .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the sites of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider of the provider or destination .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check for a proxy reference .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  formats a set of fastq strings into one score .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  return a random string with random bytes .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the browser contributions takes a sucess contributions calls .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return an inverse of the elements of p .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the job and handle address .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the total number of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  sets up the view and reapplies the given test view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the gaussian distribution of the standard error function .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a file from the given filename or zipfile .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  read in the distance file as a radsec file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  computes the trimmed mean .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the object is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the index of *a* that are non-zero .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  split a combined dyadic combinations of the component excluding a list of onto values .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  find the gamma function .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  recursively pack a list of tensors into one .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given doctype .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about any about the given about the model .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns standardized dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  wrap an iterable over the objects in a set of possible .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if there are any booleanfields that the given files .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  raise an appropriate error with a given option and raise an error .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is this a bad link to the bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration for given search .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  return a column number for a row in a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  return a valid password for the hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a parsed config string .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses a word word .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  pass in the source directory and their files as a dict .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test whether multi_constructor_obj should return an exception .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence in the form of a graph to a weights sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the axes of a figure and a new figure .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the html directory contents of a log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  get the current error path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the given rss url as a dict .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to perform http requests .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the list of ngram after a sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  message} view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if the file has protected protected .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the psql helper function is valid .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the default state of the given profile cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a configuration .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in dask to equivalent in dask task .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module number of the current instance .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  normalize a group of expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  return the ip address for the specified system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a node using any source and enable it .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  shortcut for binary .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the mounted quantiles pointer is the difference between the two packet .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  construct a timedelta object from an pyname value .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating chunks .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run a service .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute the l1 and down a cluster with permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute an isolating fraction using fixed-tolerance gaussian .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a imported function for use with the given name .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a list of the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: {<package_name>: <version>} on the passed string .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate is valid and can be verified in the certificate to verifies now .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  adds the space provided to the files and folders .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a set of entities for a given app .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  draw the tolerant for a random number .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the list of protocol objects for the given offset .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of existing step if found .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  ensure that the url doesnt exist in a url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  setup the initalize options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the subnet is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure all images with its required values .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the volume tag from a volume by its id .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  takes database record in database record .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  helper for #1912 .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  disallow default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a recursive element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return the prefix for the current user where sudo is installed .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the full path of a file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  guess the first item in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  get the user name according to the profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  redirects to azure view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  default value for ~/ .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if given stream is in encoding encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  helper for channel information to update the update .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  return the current image position of the function .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound controller for the given twitter .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  make a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if the request is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  builds the alternatives to individual individual list of rules .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kills for the event loop .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a privileges from a privileges .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down down a protocol for a "repeated" protocol message .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a filename .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random k-out objects .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively compute the given function of a sequence of values .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the inversion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return the current qual object returns: none if you have to perform the top-level character .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  adds a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  create a base method that creates a sync method in tests .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes a remote object to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  wrap integer for floats .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure that its possible to correctly handles uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  checks whether the currently available network has .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install a new tool shed shed to the given arguments .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os specific path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if the system is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that the given value is a static element in the given list of arrays .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test arithmetic cov creation from a covariance instance .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details of the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get a list of available breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read package data from package and delete a group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that go go over the database .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  renders a comment to the given comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a circular in circular graphs .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate user dict .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  its matching of the first matching filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  test for two urls .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise log .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topics trees for a given course .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this decorator to specify a callback function in the threaded threaded .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  resolve a string value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace special chars in s with .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have state as a background task for a problem .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for reflected .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  install an object based on a file code .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with a same name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report with multiclass datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given password matches the expected hash for the given password and though .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  given a name in the order .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country token for a mobile domain name .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  y_true should be able to work in a task .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  return a list of quantiles of the named row and put it in a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download url .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  uses a tracker strategy to generate a normal strategy .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  return the range of the given number between 0 and 100 values .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  enter a running system on the enter server .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by the system .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return the wishart-distributed and the stack of the given node .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a setup .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  return details about all elasticache vpc peering details about the given vpc name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  helper function from proper proper format .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that "text" image can be loaded .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize python data to a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert text to a native c{str} .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle click for each entry in a dataframe .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get list of folders for given addon .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the linear gradient for the linear row .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  look through a metadata metadata server and return a dict of all possible keys found .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a number of rotations to a julian string .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  given a set of existing bags .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  given a valid timestamp of a string .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test method which is deactivated from the cache cache .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  create a model instance from a configuration dictionary .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  return the rank of the texture class given by the rank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test case of css applications .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper function that will ensure that the path contains a list of files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of all the theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function creates a packed socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  checks if the user has an attached to a given datetime object .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo of the given runtask .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get the information from changed or added files .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator that checks a method is a decorator that returns true if a decorator is run .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return this platforms maximum platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a sorted service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the given url has scheme away from a scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the application name .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp + utc timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create a 2d numpy array with the given 2d numpy array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that will be valid on the cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple neighborhood evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the mysql module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that will migrate all over the pipeline database to exist .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture that simulates the etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  helper method for running in templates .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  tests the report report against the given topic .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  pixels for a bridge .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the provided repository metadata is a malicious revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to temporarily disable an instance of enabled .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return list of valid values for an serial serial number .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  construct a string containing the major and verbose_name_plural .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the given class script from the given compiler class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  fft of networks and servers for one of the network .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  use this to submit a queue in a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete log of a given dask .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade proportions proportions .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel indication section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  a more than one instance of the reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct an xml tree from the given node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs an appropriate clusters on a dot product of the given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates a syntax into the given error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  trying to parse a file system path and return the designated str .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  context manager for timing data to generate tests .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a model metadata .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to confirmation a message to make an icon object .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  yield non-empty/non-comment characters from a file-like object batch .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  fetch the current fetch consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sample a sphere from a multiple of relevant relevant functions .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  this is a bit evil - coerces the argument of a string .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the platform already has any errors .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  compute formal power of f(x) f(x) .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  imports imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print the procedure layer .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b under the given position .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build the correct html for tests .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  return a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for switched .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  create ip addresses .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  create a k process with correlation process parameters ar : array_like probabilities or array_like autoregressive lag-polynomial : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  make a repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists on the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form field .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  run a shell command as subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  given an http server and an access server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from the given command .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel kernel x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  create a pointer to the given object type for a given function as follows: .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  this method wraps a toy process in a separate process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using its extensible command .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a flocker script .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop and compile the merged .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is of two objects on obj .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lowess function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs space space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  return a list of all verify that have a setup .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  use a set of parameters and collects a set of parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer parameters .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a shared variable to a column column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  equivalent to a slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data body .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics and analytics revisions for a given date .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return request instance from the current request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which sends the auth_strategy in the given http request to restore .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart a vm by name cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive argument .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait until the cli exits .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  replace sslsocket with a newline .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  registers a new plugin .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domain based on domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds appropriate settings to settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should extract step step correctly .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  mark a git/hg notification as attribute in the browse .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup fritz!box call sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  determine if the source is orient .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical bessel bessel of a polynomial in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  retrieve the authentication url for the current request .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  return the contents of the contents as a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if the given arguments are -> ascending .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model from the persistent datastore .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  when a theoretical is a theoretical string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a dataset .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the line column of the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verifies that the command message contains a valid fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test fortran-style as a bug .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the clip to a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test that the matlab function works as expected .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of files containing the initialize files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  generates a generator that produces the given the arithmetic body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  locates locates scripts .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the classes that return a class .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  helper function to test if the string is iterable of a positive object .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  display a list of user locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals from a given discussion signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of words in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a helper function to read a file from a zipfile and write it to a directory .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  wrapper for the default stim highlighted .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear mine from the master .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  helper method to add a slash to a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a replacement for a given ast code .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and set the create_rpc()s function .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check if a collection is in the collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a piece-wise instruction from the given value .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update a configuration file and save it to the default travis .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  simple args to generate a vcenter based on the vcenter server .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up the tail in a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  returns the all possible attribute of the array a .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelinks: test class on path .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute the eigenvector centrality for nodes in the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get a timezone for a period of the given timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the linear unit x between x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the previously returned from the removes file .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete the keys available .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the current directory path to a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send analytics on all packages if one is available .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of the process with pid for a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the backend configuration backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we can tokenize without spaces if it is .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  importing service .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create autoscaler for the specified instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user has access to the group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  gpu_from_host) -> zeros_like(x) .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method is used to parse a process into a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  parsing an attribute array .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  return the values of the given dict of ownershipperiod .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the complex complex of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  create and add a activity event for the given tuple .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format a user as a entez .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin equation for a non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return the binary string as a release version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrap docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  apply a profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  implement numpys and b .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is a system .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the type of a packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize the module completion model .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for the group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the path to the data directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the tls address for the given url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive in xml format .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  groups groups defined by the activation parameter .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get a client-side by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove special characters from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group report for group report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the value of the constrained to be removed from the name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  for windows: event .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  return the value of a and b under the following date .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the class that is in the same interface .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  transforms a symbolic surface or list into a string .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications of this boolean .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calling zeros on a .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a fake implementation of chargeback .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a path to a default field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  returns a get_ha1 with the saml settings .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the memory status in being used by the alike body .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of the container .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read as a reimplementation of file and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the lists of the groupings of the groupings .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete the generated files .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get due date based on a given posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a helper method to add a dummyrequest to the user .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  displays about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime instance to a microseconds timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  add the host to the region context for the identity environment .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the given process has a given file name .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a response object .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  helpful wrapper for the descendants of a given model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager that changes the current virtualenv to an existing virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replaces database with the application name .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  replace the canonical dict of a module path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of all courses courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return the file name if it exists .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  tell whether a function is passed to send a trained variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a polys replace() for starting with a given node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure that the named alias is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  return a patch containing key-value pairs for a filename on file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container id to a container id .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  returns a sqlalchemy schema .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse standard conll/malt-style flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about the log message but continue .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test req_file .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email marketing given a url .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  calls the module for the output of the module .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the cloudpipe for a user .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns an image from the rest interface .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed repository from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize multiple promo image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  split line into a single line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup tellstick switches .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  return a string that can be used for daemon in the daemon daemon .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to a file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  view for requests auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply function to value of arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty key from the database .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  configure the use_ssl of a sequence .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  create a user if there is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return a path relative to a file system path .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  calculate the stochastic individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  raise skiptest if test fails .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans flowgrams in any sff way .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  create a function that is a list of arguments .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  takes the full path .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  convert x to 1d array of arrays .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if we are unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a filesystem .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  load all modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether the given part of the probably lines is in the current line .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test using pip warns as a problem ?library_id=<default .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  returns the symmetric value for the specified tuple of the erfc function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the simulation n_colors .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  selects the two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return the nearest value for a b .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file to disk network cli example: .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works as expected .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch an dbms fetch from a get_user() query .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  verify if setup for nested quota driver are valid .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign to the completions per python object given .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of the current desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates model_class items for an html document .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse an html list of strings into a dictionary .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return the value of an array .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from urlencoded context .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  tries to get the encoding used by the locale for the calling locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  show the information for a package or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete an bookmark for a user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  xtheme xtheme xtheme field of a and increase .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing "-" to "_" .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current secret from the sample .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  finds a string or end pointer to a buffer .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize the given data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create an event object for a given track and server .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user name to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a :class:flask app instance configured with the given settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the list of tokens for an artist .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation level .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for po user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare bem surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize and returns list of commands with sorted and unique corrected commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes multivariate normal distribution for a given parameters simple 1d graph with lots of results .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  this returns a string containing a suitable hash of the given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a token value .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  formats the projection to have trainable 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that iterates items .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split the given candidate and their **kwargs using the given keys .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  calls a caller function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a detailed database dictionary .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a sqlalchemy engine based on the database scheme .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return the resource http header .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the given module and plot .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of open trees that have been consensus in the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get node with name packages .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the local context for the stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write info about a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  given a string for an timelist: class .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve an organization by name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get all metadef tags .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  retrieves the csrf token from request and start it in the request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return the current process name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* until the given file-like object is a subset of bytes .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the value of the core apps for the given app .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription document from a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the bypass .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns an detected buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  adds the db to the queue .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the rehash digest for a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a new context for a given purpose .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  length-byte stream hash .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function that returns the function at the beginning of a given vector .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return integer as a string of bytes or a list of artifacts .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  one element in the list .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a pathname of the full path .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to execute a single session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure that a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if given user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some i18n version of the parameters .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock for the function on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a volume object .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a list of module instances from a module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  calls daemontools .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute a change of labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  concatenate all the greedy information: for its qualified version .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  if no image is given .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  applies all keys of a given tuple or tuple of filterform - dict: - if expression is a tuple of tuples - whatever - useful for all keys .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a flattened version string to a list of strings .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop request section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  returns the name for obj .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of a table in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the query_string of the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value in iterable that is none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  builds a dictionary of button names and replace it in the users button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the items in a list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a taxon identifier .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  build a special tree used to emit tests .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  determine whether there is a latapy or not returns: boolean .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  add a question to question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to use for writing item list cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  w/o method to a graph using a different format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set arguments for fits part of the current part .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  converts a string into a valid filename .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  s is the s s to return the best matching fitnesses .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes packages by name .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given create is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  imports the object based on the class name .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test cover_path as a transformer .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the craft string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an alloc represeting timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  retrieve a bucket from the path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the parameters from a file at the given list of parameters .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  create a test based on the bokchoy tests .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the ps for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col starts and column headers .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with a get and the result in a ring environment .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a string with the number of strings .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of lists that form a list of unique elements .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  converts any extra object into a string as the result of the template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test the variable of data behaves .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all user from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  return whether string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  display all the results .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  websocket negotiate .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release with the specified arguments .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian of the network .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  example string from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  if the modules is inside a listener .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  tries to determine the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  this view generates an authentication that first password correctly .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  return the configuration options for this user .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns all coefficients of the first kind of a given size parameters n : int .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to generate a password digest .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  this script is called to use the main house .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  computes unicode name from given in unicode string .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread to be passed to a wsgi thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  creates a trivial graph of the given parameters .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is of an instance of the given object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for defining directories .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test hashing raw objects .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the search for a given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a subdictionary object for the given prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  in_filter in_filter a timestamps: timestamps: timestamps: timestamps: timestamps: a [] name .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  this endpoint is a simple endpoint to search result .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject a fake api calls .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a devices from a remote system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  launch a file or directory via daemontools .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  construct a boolean value which is a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets a log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  creates a course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a case with simple concurrency segments .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns a list of common attributes .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  return true if the requester is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch app to bench and upgrade .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode string value from dbms to a python unicode string .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  return the elementwise product of the prde function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current user with data in the db .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the versions of an ssh server .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return one of the snmp snmp snmp .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the current api call to display for the current api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  checks whether the file has any errors .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content for the cached content .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  returns the number of numbers in the given list .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  scales an array as an values .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a range parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  class decorator for enum class instance .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization string .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator for views that alter a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test that the completion completion doesnt cause an unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode unicode to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a feature of the feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the expression in the given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text for inclusion in a paginated color .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the current process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command details .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt bytes in source_groups format .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  deletes a fake component .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the sha of the from a given file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method for getting blocks from the course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the length of the shortest path between source and target using the given length .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the path of this package .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in order .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the unicode text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merges multiple sorted inputs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the xblocks id of the xblocks id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that marks the given action function as side-effect-free .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  imports and returns a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  given a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should extract regular step correctly .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function for the compensation effect string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  construct an arp ip address from the given ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns ordereddict based on dns path or off .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether or not the server responds to remote on modem" .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  computes the linear difference between the vectors .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  return the standard deviation of the function argument and ordornot .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  create an sms phone for the supplied :type client: dict .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an astroid delay on the given exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  retrieve notes and yield notes object from the stream .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica components raw components components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a file has a if .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a json story suitable for each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version is the first version which year .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of a analytics strategy to be created or response .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to unique local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function takes a module and returns a tuple representing the number of words to match .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return full import path .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns true if interface should be executed by the minion .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  click an element with an explicit url .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls to echo back in a single module and prior .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the request matching prioritize and whatever rows for the given hp .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to iterate over a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  decorator to retrieve all accessible courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano function that we can stop assumes that we can stop logistic .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  used by erf/erfc .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  take a new clone of an entity and set it .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  do a element-wise distance between two ndarrays .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test application for basic lines .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean false >> make_boolean(1) true >> make_boolean(0) false >> make_boolean(+) true >> make_boolean(-) false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a socket packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write rst from file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute command to execute cinder command .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named grafana is absent name the name of the job to remove job cache the name of the job to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a lags string .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool or deleting a rising/falling .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a given runtime is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  performs a django creator process .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns a sizer which is in the given triad .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of config file should gracefully contain settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  calculate the cross entropy between two targets .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  computes the logistic loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  this generator flattens nested lists in the list of dicts .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a message to be executed .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter type by a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  helper method to get a phone code for a specific phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the input image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  takes a number of unicode strings and returns the space of the space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  this method is called by the arguments .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the size of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that the user is not allowed to log their login .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a set of valid set of variables .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  given a query in the given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the gaussian distribution of linecollection starting with respect to the activation function .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename and return a urlparsed url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized to res/templates .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return a list of the most recent files .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  find the host from the xenapi host and return the fileserver host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return a set of lists .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  a response has an email .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  converts a date in yyyymmdd format to a unix expiry time as returned by the rules .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get an *ufunc* notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  remove all logs stored in the current request/thread buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  given an exception prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  write the value of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  format text with escaped string .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of all table names initialized from the given cursor .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  tries to parse the given line of a string of date line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  return the minimal minimal filter .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle clicks on a tree and sets it to a node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the provided job prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  helper function to check if a field is valid .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the string of a date and locator units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  return true if the given filename matches the specified filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  use this only to log the log of the given startup .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns: mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  returns the hint hint at position in bad possible .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the table colorless is small enough to identify groups with double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke the task to access an rpm .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  returns the difference between two strings in the given attribute .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  print a command and send it to its output .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load an social login form .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks that the given string is a valid errors .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading a table with unbounded table with unbounded .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and return a dict containing first character and results for file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add or remove the given namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  given an object .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast an argument to a type .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a timestamp for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a template messages that renders a messages with a :term:view context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  return true if the path is within the dependency within the dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning table .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  a hack for the progress already in the permutation list .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  takes a list of common and returns them for each element .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion release section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  returns the default url to blades .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  user or auth .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  create a string of random bytes .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  the entry point for the search history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  open and return the json tree of the bom .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run system command and parse output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function that exists in the back to the language .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a virtualenv-local command .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that checks that the stack for a request and verifies that is raised .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  extract a tuple of environment names from user data .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  given a flavor list .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in file as a dictionary .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes a given value so that it normalizes to an array of exponent .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  down-sample images by a given profile .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a python element to a bytestring element .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if a filename is a any file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns the right string of a given suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests check with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  matches the beautifulsoup attributes of an item .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns a prepared plot object that can be used for cones reads the date version of a raw section .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer mm allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  if the requesting user should be a filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  computes the bv distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a python file descriptor by name .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  ensures the ethernet mock completes .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the given count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the class alias for a class alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks whether the file has a given mode .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a document in the package in the cache .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input and target for theory .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the screen refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  takes a draft and returns a draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy coefficients is ready to be run as specified .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  internal helper to test user table .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  given a collection of unicode strings .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the concatenation configs are available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  a context manager to set the current theme if it is an code of the current theme to true .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create a list of tests to be run in sys .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  return tuples of two lists .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix matrix into dict indexed by the underlying headers .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return true if file is a lock .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a unique hash for a given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to an toc file .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set a new home directory for the specified home directory .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert string to human readable format .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a and b under the given position .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the element to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given list/sequence of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively clean the default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restores the index of a listener .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look up an key for a remote server for the supplied transport fingerprint .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item in seqs_fp .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until the the method is loaded .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  takes a caps element .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  this validator for making types pass to strings .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket and the system .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  create a continued length for a continued fraction fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within an rendering .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a modules instance .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns tag data from a string as a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a version-2 version of obj which will be dict .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture to yield a fake jndi .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  initiate tablespace alter on a postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the id of a group params .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm lsm file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the current directory for the given directory .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a song from a pcap .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a long int argument to human readable format .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  compute the ndarray and shape of a compatible dict parameters var : array-like returns c : theano variables .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  return true if the tour app is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate cumulative cumulative distribution for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the given language is prefix than or not .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  hipchat message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  generate user saved service that will work for the given user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  given a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  private method for the erfa session .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a file is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate that the given key names is valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  gracefully boot the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a json compatible graph object .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the given ip address is a mc .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if the given directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add items to a problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  return an html path from the directory .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a point of x with the same shape as x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new disk .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create and initialize a test suite for testing .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the given flash flash was automatically there are a flash there .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates multiple matrixsvg by provided reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  suitable for deleted .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone name cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given a list of characters .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  converts the etree element into a positive element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball to a tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a simple timeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a 2-tuple of numbers to a 1d string .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch an xbps refs from the given location .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks for calls a crash if the source was not present .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  return the bridge of the given element .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a symbolic link based on the amqp of the data .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a single document .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten a given variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  wrapper for sanity converts true to bool .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the host .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a dictionary of all the nodes of a given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  return a docker url to the given image ref this generates a new traversal .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return scalar elements of the input it is not equal to the given transformed < if there are any .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a boolean of crop of the python prefix .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the bound class .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the resource of resources for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  helper function that ignores the htpasswd parameter host and an open request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  make sure the shape of the match is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from content syntax file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split a private key into a new user .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  retrieve the system information .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if the given timestamp is a now .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks for route and prototype .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  returns a list of the elements in the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  given a valid csv file .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and returns the new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add git support to flask git support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests a class without initializing it .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  given the module function .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  test that the timeout has properly vid->str .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of paths relative to the given ref .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  calculate the rabbitmq queue for a given aggregate from the rabbitmq application .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch the current fetch of a remote package .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  for a given episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  logout from a given console .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the path to the base url .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  mock column on the given column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  if the square is a square image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset to a audio audio tracker pool .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays a template context .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject an event on a given event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  an output if a bundle is raised .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and ancestor the values into real document .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  updates the named service .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether role has passed in the role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current mimetype .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path is a ieee flag? .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view class name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas for a given image usage .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets sess for gpu fraction .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  adds etags .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some changed files .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the total item of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return host size and numeric memory for the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a order order order fashion fashion for which the <filter> .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns the given string representation of the given name .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create new filter for all filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  translate scop .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns the message id of the current site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend [instance] in the current request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  returns the number of shards that are sorted for each nonstandard .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  get comparison in order to sort key other .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a number of all matches a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses management api to get profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a copy of a string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  parse a annotate .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  unlinks a single fits path across a zero in the zero .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  given a path to a package name .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too returned by forward operator to a stc object .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  run the given command whose names are not successful .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon instance with the given name and version .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the measurement .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve a result from the url and download it .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a list of the runtime-editable sum of the by address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  prepare the template callable and call the given template with the given args and buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the search index for a given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  creates all the directory path .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort the mapping file mapping by the given size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks whether a ufunc can be created for a particular kind .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  from the user and its errors in the queue .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test listening as raw annotations .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object for the given vm .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  get the time from the given range of time period and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get error on none :arg fetch fetch .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the iso 8601 formatted for the given host .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it does upgrade a dependency does not upgrade the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections in a loop into an instance .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check the local getjson for each operation in the target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if the given shell is in the known shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  generate the main application .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract integer entry from the following comment .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the transversals for the redundant set of transversals that are equal to the same as the requests of the same .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return an html string .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a graph for a scale graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the real file or xml text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  return true if path is a hidden package .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  import a list of / tags .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of the image in the given container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification notification setting .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a factory to construct a single tree that is not a statement .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the given dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the validation schema class corresponding to the given namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a token of user authentication token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the given resource is not in the custom project .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media list on media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  ops deterministic .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client for the job ids .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize the string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test that service is able to send api as a string .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  returns a list of all namespaces from the system .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  return a list of eventrenderers for the given course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint 1 .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns the given file descriptor or fileobj as a string .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show information from the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  if executable is run .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  helper function to run a module in the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  verifies the specified config can not be parsed .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of matching most appropriate constants from a directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  parse individual property by types .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  build a testcase for tests that notifies a testcase .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given statement has any empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a logging handler to the list to a file that is removed .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  wrapper to create a connection to the current connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts auth name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  add a message to a string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if file does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  given a course_id and a set of bucket strings .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns a generator that yields every unstaged changes .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return a list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab the name of the binary were running in binary format .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  create a mesh of edges .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return a tuple of the smallest integer difference between a and b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return a list of lists with one level .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  displaying the survey for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert text to a url-safe playlist for use in a url .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a general folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri to a local url .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the vnc ports port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  raises an exception if there are no html characters in the epipe .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the module as a proxy .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the stack for a function .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  attempt to execute a resource on a ipv4 .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  updates iis with given record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request the regenerate certificates as a dict .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  field_req : intconstant : .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  check if boto library is installed and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the cli context .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc vector to eeg matrix .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  validate a responder request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an endpoint catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read and return the contents of a text string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations to normal translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  this script is used to expands the configuration directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  construct a valid qos specs for the volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  find the first item in the iterable which is true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using a cpu profile .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test whether a path is according to the current locale .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  return whether the user is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert integer to long .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  returns value rounded at the given string .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  the view of an configurable with a given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  get the access flags and the integer value from the string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the gluster command and run a gluster command .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  like dict .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral flux targets between x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  determines if any files are present in the list of files .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  sends email from the given categories .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run the geos tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  computes the expected response of the normal distribution .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns the argument locations for the semaphore locations .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test intervals with wrap=true for known representations .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  returns a tuple for the allowed entries that can be stored .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if the given field is an errors of the given error field .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  recursively delete keys .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  sends a message to a different channel .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  find users email queue for a public queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the current epsilon for the given value .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync_num .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  ensure that the function f contains a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  check if all the white line is all .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate a student certificates generated for specified students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a set of for *elements and replace for a given argument .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks for computations that the specified user can be written to run .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily disable memory at the code of the file .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given an artist .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a about notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  execute a prlsrvctl command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a dictionary of the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane for methods of type types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a specific process and status information .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an instance/module for an an externally network .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  return the table object for the current instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell modify_host* modify_host* of force force .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll until a specific description has passed .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  create additional properties for an so that it can be used in accommodates .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retrieve a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return true if the node is a script .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  set up the netatmo devices .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given node is super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: sonatype-clm requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment version for other jobs .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a simple socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  configures the default version of the device .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return cassandra version as a tuple .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake fake bootstrap3/form_errors together .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder postorder nodes in depth-first-search from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  converts a translation matches into a short key .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  computes the square root of a keras tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the virtual machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic price oscillator .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch associated with the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  apply the lhs function of a lhs lhs .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  return tidy in a synopsis fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check whether the process with pid matches the given pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a square .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance from the given class instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get a relative url to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given vary name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  execute a function inside a series args .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download labels from stanfords to a specified file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  create a sorted query string from a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the filename matches the given filename .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an object like a user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  register a new instance of a class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  will update modified on the type of the given object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get snmp and broadcast string for the snmp oid and s%- .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  create an stanza of plugin .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  make a tuple for all pep8 files in this context .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file using a given path .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a tuple of rokhlins numbers .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string with a major and the python version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the oslo_messaging layer .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a tuple of sequences to width of ascii references .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  copy old options to html .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to the socket object and create a socket object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to the database; see function .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  list event instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the statement that has been deleted .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  a decorator that used as a test to skip a given span .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score the entire score is the weighted harmonic mean of the entire score .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * url * url .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get the paths that can be used by the loop in the object .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the given time .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  return the path of the directory where the prefix is located .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  inverts a k[x] polynomial of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is valid .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the repository .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  return the recursive argmax of a pic .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a tuple containing only the signature in an image .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a technical response handler .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given curdoc()) is executed .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type for the given group name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to the initiator of our confirmation .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  take an unused argument as deprecated .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns a set of values that are in an array of values as a set of class .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  a environment variable used to call the proxy settings .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads images in a directory .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  convert a matplotlib figure to a pdf list of paths by pickling .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  creates a new instance of a loop into the default and default [] [] - default .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from the named entry .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if the named expression is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return an http response body .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return true if the given object exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  handle the username for the current user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for a given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment of the measurements of the rpm/sla environment .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extract all future flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if the object looks like a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function is to check if a roundtrip is available .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a group of group objects for debugging .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test tuples of tuples .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  converts a property .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  construct the cache folder in the cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all themes in this themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a list of the results of the current process tree .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format over messages from redis and amount of value .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  checks to see if the match matches the given credentials .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  list the service owners that need to be running inside a package .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the full restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the literal scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the current version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a clsid name .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read messages from the stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using localization spec .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : step .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the across warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return a subdictionary url for the given host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random filename for the given file .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a rpm package to be installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an ndarray by name in the list .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies whether the given string could be parsed .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized admin .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reverse categories that are a field_name .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close a file descriptor to list to be closed in child processes .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a function using param .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for a function to wrap a view function .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a tree representation to a boolean stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return a boolean if a matches the given string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  get sjson objects as already matching srt and doctest/unittest as returned as already .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the current markup filter name and the named markup .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler config from the given json .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load a python object from the file given its filename .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator for future .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the contents of the dropbox sql folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the values of the given dict of ownershipperiod .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that a new ae is used correctly .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if the user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the number of entries in the given node .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  iterates over the given untrusted tab .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the deprecated titles for a given name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html for a section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current class object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator to add a sql query to the existing wrapped by the command .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for the lock to be copied from the given cache .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a function that creates a entrypoint that simplifies with the given number of authors and formats a string as the current console .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  watch a node from the given qt module .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test for bug forms as deprecated .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  a helper for ch .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path to a filename .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  plugin that returns a plugin instance .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  delete the key directory from the minion .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the value of the first element of a number .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  returns a dict of ports and security ports ids .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  def the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password for the given password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  returns a datetime object according to a bytearray of a list of object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return the most appropriate packet of a system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get an object or class from the given object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  get an generator that yields the absolute path .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  get html of markdown given text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  expand the expression into a statement that contains the percent in the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  formats the last update id and returns a tuple as a string .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute the image for a named image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  automatic uninstall-before-upgrade a package with rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  writes a file in csv format and write them to a file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  regression test for bug calling chinese .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to pretty collections .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate a uniform order on each pixel in a graph .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds a new mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate all arrays in an array of slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode a python unicode string .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of receivers from the given sender and signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a decorator used as a decorator factory .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify matrix of given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the html of a markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the indentation level evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the whole information related constraints in the scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  returns the paths containing the paths to put a file .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  do some fits fits .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  change the number of travelled that need to be moved by an existing datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  replaces the stride with the given unordered .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  shortcut to generate a command via a user .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pad data in a multiple block_size bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  take a progress bar string tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an integer and a list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable filled with random values .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an ssl url for the given service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to build .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage by resource and multiple types .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create a lag port port group based on switch .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open a file in a given mode using undirected .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  create the mean of the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  liability delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return the information of the named package(s) .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the given server for use with the given server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  does an element with the given text and last element contained in the tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  convert an object to a python object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  get spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whether sampling is currently being used .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie matrix .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse a command and parse the output and display it .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  indentation manager .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a dict of information on the ports on the minion .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  configure the current tidy by curdoc()) to the end of the document .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  get the current user as an admin .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  remove an attribute from an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  given a source string .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version number appearing in the oversampled .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  a json compatible with a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  hack to determine whether the request is in use .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like simpledecoder but returns a valid fixed .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a bunch of the filesize for a profile file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  return true if the user is one of the typical typical .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  read an image from a file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the path of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the value of a fallback config .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  sanity report about the result it .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save a method so it gets called .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a normalized structure with the given grey iterations in a multivariate structure .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the first text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a string as a document and converts it into users raw string .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return whether line is given an unicode string .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send email to inform observers about session and return .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a function that can be used to get extensions in a multivariate distribution .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to set the default size of a cache function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  this returns a copy of the dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists return if a new user was created or if the user already exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt api cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast x to none .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list policies from the specified principal principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns the percentage of visible from descriptor .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get given string or "{status:{from:4 set .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  create a new mmwrite for a given comment field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the c extension installed? .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a filename matches the rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the current sys .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic test objective function .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  creates a new decorator that passes a given type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  a change is used to the main section of the gofmt but not checked for a given change .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  return true if the given schedule is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the cmd application .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information useful status .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get libvirt columns in the given cluster id .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices a single open node along all point-wise characters .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  generate a generic parameter object .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove excess indentation from a string .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a validator value to true .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  opens a db from the database and try to detect a new application .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return configured ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a matplotlib figure object .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a mane connection for the internal variables .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  parses a tag from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the cache to use the tex if you are not none .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for guided .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine hemi as a list of files .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for invalid hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any serialized secret from a serialized serialized dictionary .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an new media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules module names on the minion .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensure that the current thread defines a file .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for functions that automatically receive errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  ensure privileges to use as a number of networks .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  makes variables to export .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  starts the browser .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid as an image with the marginals .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for a process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize the new ingestion .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date format and returns a utc date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check a tag name matching a repo .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  check whether line is complete of the user have complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  open the locale for jobs .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to add to the current branch .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the shell alias of an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives the right test case for any mcnemar .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function that returns the corresponding leaf of an image .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer types in the method type(s) to a method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the rms for an image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  helper for equality alignment to use for the alignment alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test a repository from a repository .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the dlls version from the directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi-function with an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the size of a certain message .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  fetches the response body from a google http response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the patches according to export and belonging to export .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test we ensure that download datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  returns a user handler for an auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  deal with proj .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the notifications attempts to the current thread .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the sockfile directory of the sockfile .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  directory for an mri subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a value with the given positive class .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the current audio output device identifier for a given device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  helper function to run a bunch of ip addresses .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update the import of properties in the db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  helper decorator that wraps a thread .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  process entry at start .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a signed integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  sets site against a response in the response .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode list .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the published context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars vars have discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a specific locale parameters .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  returns a casts object based on a configuration type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the given can is valid .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  casts a single source directory from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for mne io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  callable that automatically return a context manager that automatically ignores it in a spike .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create a new exception object from a given error class .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test restful crud timeout .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get an input resource from a modified resource entry .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  constructs a missing object for operators .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the exponential function at the specified axis .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert exact factors in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same length for barcodes checks of suppress suppress fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator for all of a set of lists in sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view function that handles an email confirmation request .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time to a given unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video format and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks whether the portage package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config zones for a single zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a base64 encoded text as a bytestring .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  detects if given code is any number of characters .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  return a bilinear kernel kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  create an upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  tests that handling correctly match the layer and state checks .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the given urls .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure the master helper function is slaveof to modify master key from master to persist .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add a url into a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  get the loops .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  poll or for the specified delay until it returns true .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the scope of the given style as an html string .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  load project object from specified path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a list of files with the given metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an iterative rule with all formula .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node has a positive source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if promo is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the datum information .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handle signals .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list the cluster devices .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  return a list of current timezone cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mark a task as complete for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  wrapper around latinify .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the list of tuples .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a date for a given tuple of time .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong wrong object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  exception handler that wraps python source code and return something .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a json representation of the given changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses versioned events to get command line .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract the background tag without the whole tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the generalized pair of a given hmm seqs .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  generate a slugify class for basic --help .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves the old document from the user or turns it into a single version .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the number of rgb image in the sentence .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy in proxy facts from the proxy facts dict dict: the proxy facts dict .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to display a post and from the current search entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the expected table column was the same column as expected .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a postgresql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return disk unit number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return the path to the job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for methods that automatically returns the current function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa table for a given taxa table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a url that can be used to remove a resource on context .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a unicode object corresponding to a given server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager for temporary pinning a with statement in warning_tests .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  given a auth type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  export a private key from a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  retrieve json-encoded attributes from json-encoded object .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url which is started .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  issue #1150: .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  updates comment .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates a new response with an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the name of the project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : enumerator_list | timesequal | divequal | modequal | plusequal | minusequal | lshiftequal .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  generate a relative url for the given sls file .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the volume info from the volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  you should extract the compiled parameters and dstpath in a ctypes .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of availability ids from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  construct a windows python module from the given path using pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of a learner .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  wraps a function to prevent multiple times being called from loading .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state sosfilt for an array of creating sos under the output column .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the behavior of the command line .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  print the lines in the given header again .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the results of a configuration configuration dictionary .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for string constant .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  call a command with arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse and return a notfound object .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  replace quoted or double etag .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized upper score for the given probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe object for a string object .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne clean_eog_ecg .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an third or directory if its logfile logfile logfile .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous regions of the boolean array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and return the result of the given bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  get a search .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  return the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all the available weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions with consumed for a 2-tuple of representable .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  generate var limits for var .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  compute a timeseries and hexadecimal array of the given data .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  for parameters in a url string .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of decimal item for a locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper function that takes a list of strings and returns a string which is true .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a utf8 encoded string from a thrift array of values .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  by default .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  ensure that unique id is unique .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or update a new instance access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  takes a certain editor .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  enable current audio output name .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test that a double requirements from a conda requirements file .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  make a string path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  given a project and a embed directory .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  check if data is a valid encrypted level string .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a sdk of the sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  coil a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns the purchase rate of the given serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the global app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns the fgraph of a graph that has a *exprs identifying the given number of *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the given string representation of a unicode object .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  computes the estimated over the given axis of the values of a .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return an integer of the trust certificates as a list of supported certs .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data decode data decode using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function node is a decorator for the given subtype .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces as a list of all filters .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  create log record for each patch in the log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file or directory if it exists .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return this platforms built to the running platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all layers in the given values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  turn string into a script .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  like djangos name .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates and return an http request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get connection to init db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from a remote instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a content type based on a given content type .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  attach a console handler for the given logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an image uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent field of the parent field .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if the given instance is a projection as an instance of the current model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a named package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  associate the vm with the reconfigure .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file for a html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write the saved paths to standard items .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the moving series of the given series is farther than three out of the data from each other .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and its exit if not already exists .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit angle from the angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dictionary of title in title format .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the input file from a filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  python object for classes that tries to make sure an object will get a python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file from specified xml .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a sample of sample help .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  retrieves the cinder backup backup by a given request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules into global tags .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  converts a dict of pairs into a dict indexed by their names .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read and return the content as a unicode string .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert the line to html output stream .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to check if a function in a scope of a thing .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ip address from the ipv6 one of the ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  make a png .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default convolution convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is a domain object .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag a unflag .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plugin allows you to use tie dependencies .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set the displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  return an iterator that apply to a list of slices .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a boolean for whether given pattern matches pattern .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a simple stubs tasks for a given server .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  generate a tex site for a file: or a hypothesis .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test pip functionality .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a dictionary of the names .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determines whether a user would be authorized to access an anonymous user .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple function used to test the celery service .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply filtering data for filtering and return it .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  expected access_level of samples over threshold .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write a set of digitizer extensions to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  executes the given test case of itself .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test info-showing info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given message uri .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract extract variables in step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line tools .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of the tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress dataset .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  make an chunks to an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  return a list of the names of the user via rabbitmqctl rabbitmqctl vhost .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if the augeas libraries exist .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  wrapper for oob .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns the vector of the first kind .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  generate the optimal rlist for a column of the given row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an application .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  create a directory listing .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse "{name}={value}" filename and return tuple .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter all hosts within index_name entries .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  yield a tuple of python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  wraps aws forecast with cv distributed parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version of the python script .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the available sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pastel approximation to pastel .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper method to traverse a dict and return an ordered list .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  create and return an authorized configuration from a fixed-size object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  adds a list of paths to the parser .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration files .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates list of email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the current mean of the data stream .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator to read the next time in a temporary task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document that contains all commands extractor .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port number that can be used to generate a socket .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out user from being .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length file and return as a dict .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of tuples in two or more untrusted .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi record and return the new reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  returns the nested sequence of a nested list .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  create a new adderror instance for the given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  convert an object to a list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  pass me the executable .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if version is available .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return vals in dictionary of any function .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  make a link to a palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - dont use default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of a network device .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  create a session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string to condense special characters .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns true if fillchar is allowed to the same cluster .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate a command for the systemd service based on the target list of target names .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function provides functionality for the cycle of the given params .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a list of nodes in the graph .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an expression to the teapot member .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  create login token .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  generates one cell data in the given string .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  function to forgot email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string to a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  create a directory for a given directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the reviewer endpoint for the reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse an currently-executing string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  returns a random column of the given community .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if the user is admin from the group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  returns the current column .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  render the list of recent tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return account details associated with an args .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last line of the maximum of a line in a non-singleton way .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source and set a source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a dict of snippet strings .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return set of all continuation for the given segment .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  find an administrator key for this process .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if the user is allowed to view the email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the cumulative distribution function for a given received distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display a pandas shell command .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  ensure that the given function is initialized by the given function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the file from the filename .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with viewport text containing the viewport with the viewport text .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus given text .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling receivers to ensure that the decorator is run in any fallback errors .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  get the list of vagrant children .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print information about the general file .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets the most recent data for the user to run searches .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a given ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a directive token according to the description .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the input ymin/ymax is /dev/sdc .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  pastes -> str arguments: iterable: socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock counter to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove invalid content references from an api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the sites of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  test for a queue .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a platform dependent application directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to the package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  delete the named container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  defines the first column on the fitnesses between a value and the coordinate result for a given delayed .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a view that returns an httpresponse .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and length chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read and return the contents of a cache file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  check if a employee is holiday for the given name .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the html for a layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the url should be used by the tests .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  given an iterator of serial chunks .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the hash of a given password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a json representation of a jit in the graph .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  wraps a method so it performs a fault on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  displays the login view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the given block with the given cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable tracing gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  returns a list of all tests of the file names .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  returns a formatted status code .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer from the given filename or an instance of a filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  compute the function for a class or callable .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  complete for a given queryset of python objects .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function does a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  execute a command with python 2 and v-measure .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  define a callables if were not equal to the path .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve certificate from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  compute the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patches the config section of a certain section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extract the id from the given xml id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the hyperion light platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the counter for the given name is running .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists to make unit testing easier .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  return the string that is an html or more visible .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  download a user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve full database from the mysql server sql query .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  returns user suggestions .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  wrap a function in a space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save job id when a jid is running .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively apply a dict to each value in the dictionary .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the rank of starting .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parses counters from an pre counter file syntax .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  adds an environment path to another key .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  handle a warning for a given option .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  wrapper for the relative case of the derivative tests .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return a namedtuple of free swap for two places .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  helper function for setting the matrix .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm state .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  stores a timezone aware .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  get the standard html for an object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns norm of the structure and its descendents .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator that makes given function name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks a specific volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an executable .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop the disable modules should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  makes flowgrams from a file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling pooling pooling pooling pooling pooling .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  runs the command and returns the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an image file from a file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  turn a collection of tuples into a 9-tuple output .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  takes url and returns the url and the authentication part .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  restores the safe serializion of a given template from the user .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode to a python string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure a method name is accepted correctly .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert attached attached to given disk attached to a python identifier .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  returns the method call to render a function as an argument .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  return a response for the message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  load the interactive ratio for a test ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  for working node pairs in g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a nice python module is supposed to have a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether the device is currently vf by this installs .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate the overlap for overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the host in a network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local window for the current model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of inactivity after a password has expired before the account is locked .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  get event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return a wrapper for caching .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main program .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given collection should be locked based on the given rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function as a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  simple indentation manager to dump the given element .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  returns a note that can be attachments for the given attachment .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a string with the same dimension as the argument .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between vectors u and vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter bottom along the bottom points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the current config value .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert classified text to a boolean .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation auc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the necesary data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  converts an quantize number to a string of human-readable length .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  collects : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the difference between two points .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve the most appropriate user object for a specific username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  process fastq to single fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove quotes from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  returns a constant version of a 1d .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  the http request and returns an httpresponse .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns whether the current configuration is for the app .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save a certificate to disk .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  internal helper function to search for a given type and type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  uses the derived derived from the request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  cast obj to json string .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish an collection and the collection with the given contribution .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  computes the clipped mean of the logistic function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  forces a list of simpletables .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  check the given string to make sure the right line is in indentation .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce a traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic getattr() for the given "attrs" .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  computes the scalar vector between vectors as a list of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet from the remote packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible inventory_file default: /etc/salt/roster .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get unique text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  wraps words in a django context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  lists all users cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the parent object .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  dynamically load a module from a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if a service is enabled to be enabled to the services must be attached to the services is running otherwise .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the certificate from the given store name the certificate store name of the certificate to be copied .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a custom logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each summary of the file that we can read for .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  determine if the absolute prefix is less than statsmodels .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape the javascript string in a string .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  this script prints a script .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a tuple of the strides .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the specified users to reach the status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  returns the markdown field of a field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the mask to apply rows to each other probabilities .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  given a list of orm objects .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  merges two values with possible .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create two sets of ip/cidr for each sid in a given iterable .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return the length of a path .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  use all models to return a list of models for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup a foscam ip camera .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin filenames of the file names .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a given list of articles to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write discovery documents to a services .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a host by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  create a task and retrieve the task .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches the album by the musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova import .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure that the user is stopped .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  returns a list of the getmodulename path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  add an bind to the log file .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a list of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a processnode for the given test .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta tree of the cluster .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  test that we can know a double-quoted file and output it back into different devices .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the xmodule modulestore for the scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of yields history .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a vector to a last array of strings .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scalarselects method used to find a trace .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a user is a status .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the logs and start a wsgi response .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a tracing .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns the string representation of a embl object .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy based on the ping? .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  prepares unicode for safe to unicode strings .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  deleting an api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a observers .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of disjoint sets for disjoint sets of sets for a disjoint corresponding to a list of disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove the given function if its not already in it .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a set of img2 in the color and/or up to the synsets() of a structuring element .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect typical files and translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  given a version string and a set of versions .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  instantiate login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  instantiate syntax --target request .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  send a mongodb plugin when the job id was executed successfully .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete a remote system .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to the directory .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a list of all alarm alarm cli example .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the permission_types for the given desired type and that the last value is not met .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  changes the given redis client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute the given string of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  lists the lists of text individuals .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the appropriate proxy corresponding to the given locale .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a short header .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  this function formats a range of the given format .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  takes a admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the given name is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the named marker returns a list of policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return an event object which is intended to commit of all the messages to the given interface .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  adding adding adding a single tunnel to the database .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function to get utc utc utc utc string .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the given command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row and brings arrays .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the response returned by :meth:oauthremoteapp .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  fetches a response from the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode serialization .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to temporarily disable an ssh .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if passed to pep ascii matrices .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract the given option object from the given option and an a somewhat object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  recursively flush a simple helper method in twisted .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for a particular search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper function to check if a function is not a serial number .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  matches the previously-encrypted gamma gamma .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove the given string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of available data type for the given list .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return lines of tab lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  this is a decorator used for marking a function .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  build a jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  check tidy tidy with email .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  on success returns true .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate the normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get export information for module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the number of estimation in each feature sum .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read page from a retrieved file .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract scenarios inventory from given schema .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  a helper function to use .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  returns the centers of sampleid .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that the base function is initialized correctly .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off an explicit clause in the current revision .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  returns a string representation of a cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if two strings have their single angles and a set of floats .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure the current magic magic is a valid magic magic magic .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  return a filename for the sample filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two paths in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a continuous user input .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a string with the c{dict} and full whitespace removed .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  takes the value of the creating resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  instantiate a checkout with user from a ecommerce api .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get the current vmware vmware environment with the given host and path to the user .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper to find global eggs after a script .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a nested group of a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a remotestatepersister .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the value for an absolute domain .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the function for the vector3 block .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  testing utility .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of the le .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize version of word2vec quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  note: arks .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  copies an http request to a resource .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the user .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test latex of batchnorm in a latex model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all backup columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that the named directory exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  returns true if the current executable is in the current session .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a module .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the user has a provisioning icons .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the "name" page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of the firefox version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a function that computes a pair of arguments .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a container to be available .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of all the files .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a view that retrieves an targets for a given document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the argument into a yaml string as a thing .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a unique part of a fitting or star .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns a list of for a formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  this method returns true if the given url has been added to xhtml .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  calculate the tweet for a template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and return the contents of an image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  get an absolute series of a series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for a given shape and direction .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  updates the connection between the minion cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the template folder .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies a post request .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step to ensure a runner has more than one .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator for functions that fail a handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all filter records .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string as a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  determine if the request is the same .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  return all markdown text representation of markdown characters .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the number of bits needed to encode a given number .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart the current restart delay or a delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml from the face and returns a dict of its xml tree .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  displays some selected breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return size in current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor for ninja params['options'] that created the flavor .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  docstring have blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  display access settings for given group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  used to parse an image as a python object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  like l{chr} but always works as the ascii string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  enter average stats as html .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable a site enabled .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a set of left by visited .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  responds to handle definitions .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all files found in the provided directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup a foscam ip camera .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator that will run a function .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  execute a directory this is a package .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with a string representation of the given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip the test if datasets exist .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  parse and return the links from the container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  return true when address belongs to link-local multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  remove unnecessary files from the given deferred .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string or an iterator over the given value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman between v1 vectors in a sampled environment .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list box for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full array into an array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the box from the start and the end of the start .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check the current python version as this is the installation date .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  the log of the probability reread function .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : id lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a simple replacement for internalerror .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  get question contents .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon {'shell' can be deployed through a post or verifies that the mesos created .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  return true if the given member is a indirect member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get front lists lists inside loops and add the x intersection index lists and ylist .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this method checks if the file is in the entire string .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that the ip for use and raise valueerror if it fails .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs rank of a list with values .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a human readable form .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that the moon and see if the right altaz are consistent with the right distance from the right .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from the given image .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  sort versions of pkg .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if the given socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for the block details .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the contents of the vs .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  set a if not already exists .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run system command in a document .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return an rgb with the given color with the given color color label .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of the hessian points at a given point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  return true if the object is a string .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  return a new .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  determines the modified time when a given time is recorded .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the given labels is a mpls string .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  filter name and return special prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  verify that a solution is properly handled by test_range .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a dict with keys of the given model metadata as values converted to a tuple of instances .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  a connection to the connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  he is a test case .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a single chunk of a given print .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image passed to a function .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  perform an base operation on a base .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the repository for flocker to flocker .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an absolute path of a package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  remove a hook from the raw directories as a script .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to access an pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create content from file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  do a test method where self is a panel by the tool and the tool shed .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return a password from user .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get the number of journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the directory for the root package .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the url out of a url with the given charset url => urls .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates a directory and put it in the directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  utility function to output ids of job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock that is the xblocks date for setting the xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator that records that starts a caller_stack function .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the part of the part .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  make a testsuite that feeds through the given tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager used by the secrets service .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  simple class that examines the correct bug .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a query and return the result .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  retrieve roads data for a roads roads .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  converts a string like foo-1 into a etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs the conda logging .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print all the results for the tagging .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clear logic for all patched .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load all images from the given module .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether date formats a date formats for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  compute binary number of binary tensor .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  renders the agent configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  returns a url if it is an livestreamer of a static request .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  make the input .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number of capabilities into a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  remove the total accuracy from the input image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set an fitted movie .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  determines the given expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  computes sturm sequence of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the locale contents .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event to the register nodes in the currently configured via "opts" cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete a given cache group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure canvas for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration context for a site key .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  set up a security headers for the given security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  unbind a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily add a message with the code in the jinja environment .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  modify the wsgi pipeline for loading pipeline .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get an instance of a specific client .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a list of model for a specific target .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  tests that the creation of decide is raised .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address or ipv6 string to a cidr cidr format .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get all changed filenames for the given network .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively resolve json .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the domain with the right and the verbose_name .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check a methods .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  execute a directory on the given machine .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  return a list of the form k in a dataset .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check if the file exists and is valid .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full opennebula vmlinux for a vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  construct a safe version of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one image backends .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  an expression with an expression or fermionic form .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  takes an e .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists - used as a string - useful to be converted to a string .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap catching event to building inference .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  create a web server .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  attempt to get a class class from a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  try to read first preceding of a source file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  evaluate a involving search for a specific value .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  handle exceptions that get multiple errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  make sure the given function is open .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index of the object/categorical operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use an override override entry that includes the xmodule relevant by the xmodule command .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  returns an image in the response .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  create a cache object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a dynamic record .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 v3 for inception models .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the server non-default with curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a list of constraints and returns a new column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  converts a few cdao string to a standard python identifier .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the value for the elasticsearch to use in elasticsearch mode .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all models in values as returned by the given attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  wrapper around diff .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the pagerduty .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single season pattern and multi to be parsed back to force stores that can be
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  applies a dictionary mapping names to values .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to make them safe for use in a url including the data .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a directory named "path" exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature list of files .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random symmetric string .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a new record-style model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  this is called by the destroys change .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  this script takes a compound model as a new combination .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  parse enhance to enhance the file .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of a list of matching operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  builds a test suite for the given test suite .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the default exception encoding encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the complex complex between a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine whether we are running on an amazon web .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the y paths to the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row as a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  takes a users file as a list of namedtuples .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file to serve static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set a session variable indicating that the request is deprecated .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write to filename in filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab a relaying and add it to the foldername .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and returns the appropriate fetch .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  ensure the tab for use in the tab argument to be a tab dict .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make a kinto deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the local ip addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  checks if the given cr is initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  initial plainpager .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  set the creation of the django configuration .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  displays error handler .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  applies a string with a list of pairs .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a new 128 .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the minion as other untrusted .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multi-dimensional gaussian filter parameters image : array-like input image .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the unit ordering of an accept field is logged and set .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a logging message from a log file and either optional seed .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an operation to the transaction .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate spec for the specified certificate spec .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if the regression package is set correctly .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves current file to disk with given filename .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns the current review request .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with a given path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the contents of a post .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create handler for creating stream or stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple http view .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  checks for a mock patch .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  takes element and moves the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  find numbers in greys .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an active notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  replace the amount of max_colors .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string from host quad string .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build a dictionary of variables defined by the network .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by attribute .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape & .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  launch pylint commands .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel of an image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  process a template file .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  format the results of a nest nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  given the passed-in content .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrap a imported connection and return its results .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a forms .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a matrix b: a theano vector with the positive integer scalar vector .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute the ang virtual scale for the difference between two ang(1) .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost if its given value is within the given '' .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to get a always url for a path .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse bug .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a machine that can be used as a banner .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a shared variable .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for a boot strips command and detection .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  given a user .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the current set of packages .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the path to the checkpoint directory checkpointdir: .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for adding a view to a response .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given the sequence of 32-bit strings .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  create a special fits file from a fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  given a sequence of scope elements .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test a 3d shapes with issue #1854 .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authorize a user to the value .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key represented by the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the squared sum of a list of numbers .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a wm/picture pattern with re .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns a safe number of given month for an integer this function nonnegative between the range and year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  recursively construct a declarative base class for the given name .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get a list of all course milestones for a given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  assert text in asint be used as xml .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string according to the month 8-bit date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  add a custom text to the beginning of a chunk of text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  measures the minimum limits of distributions until it is already imported .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  write a list of available updates stats .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get integer scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  change the current user id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to release .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  shuts down the application .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  given migration as input .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function to be used within a cache that applies it to any arguments .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  creates a new global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates the length of a unresolved checksum .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to ensure that were raised if an absolute path .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  collect an image from its different settings .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the file encoding needed to provide the unicode file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable enhanced enhanced stream for elb .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a list of available security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the day of the current .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return certain fields of a list of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the directory of the current project .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of lists of httpnfclease .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new version of the module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a simple gpg_keydir .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  takes a list of strings and returns a sql match .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern matches the given list of strings .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get a specific user flags .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate a message along the first line of the given message .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal receiver for the given user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different topomap bads .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore is in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  fetches the list of tuples of a given key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function returns a list of mailchimp that this function creates a segments that have been added by the last value of type that is in the original by the
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a function used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns all tenants addresses of a namespace .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the firstset for the pattern .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence of pairs for use with the given nupicmodelid code .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  issue transformations .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send table to see table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to register a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with markers removed .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the first item of obj .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  display source strings .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve the locale string for a given question .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  determine authentication arguments for supplied key .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  create a set of matplotlib images for a given figure .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  create an linode that returns from the web client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  demonstrates the static files from the given directory .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for a class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the users .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the type of the given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  removes a namespace from an application key .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  tests adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of intra-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify objs shouldnt shouldnt be empty if given .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges translations into one .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  remove the current application .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  check if a user wants to log the user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the internal source to a matrix .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  changes the named vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  return a tuple of .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape and return a decomposed dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a nginx .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the appropriate prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the due date in a run {public: as a number .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  this function finds the corpus of the input list .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash bash command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric numeric attribute of a given number of numeric nodes .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the info of a certificate file cert_file the certificate name of the certificate to certificates to create the certificate for cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  stops the rabbitmq application via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure that expected and the c matches the expected .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a series by name or name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  decorate methods to be able to catch any exceptions in the handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a set of regressors .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary directory .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string - used for the given object .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the text that preserves the first character of the given string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of the directories in the given path .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads and switch checks that the given connection can be giving .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  add a path to sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  try to clean an host:port url from the given url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  parse a filename and test function .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the given platform is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version of the email address .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion a suggestion that the suggestion contains all users .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  saves the given model to the database .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns information about the hosts sld sld sld .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the request list over the given api .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  check if the version is available and the correct version of the given version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  new document form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  compute a list of salt cloud suitable for use in the minion .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  compute the product of a block of matrices .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  runs the testsuite specified in the tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the summary of a b-spline to an ascii chars .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a sparse matrix of two sparse matrices .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a list of all submodules for a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get a list of hosts and their types .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  convert a boolean to a safe path of the first function in the list of strings .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a wrapper around a latex .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian archive from the current user .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  perform a logical volume size in a snapshot snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  create a printed that records the specified version of elemwise .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with cross product .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  adds a new .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  convert 2 chunks iterate to formatorder .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  reduce nxn to be more tensor with a log structure .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that a multi-line utility just a bug that verify that the right mapping .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected spanning the minimum spanning value .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores test warnings and prevent functions instead .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add triangle given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the number of monomials .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  prints the total number of a function by name .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the testing .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  formats a dictionary of mappings for requires a result .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  return the status of the git command .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return a json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  get a list of backing devices .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates a list of group groups for each degree .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the format and raises a warnings .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return an |_ifdentry| .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on the true if it raises runtimeerror .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  fully qualified import .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the the site flag for each iteration .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a new client client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n items of a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  a factory function that ignores any arguments .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  interactive interactive validator .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return string appropriate for the platform .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  given two sets of [lat .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  lists all known available for async .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert unicode to unicode objects on python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  checks if path exists in the canonical setting .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add ansible ansible group of the group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string in email format to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current state for the given state .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  pass in a dictionary of characters to handle login and normalize it .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn all nested sequences to tuples in deepfirst .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  returns a boolean from 2 chars with values converted to a numpy array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a class decorator for tests of a class with a given class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample function that adds two dimensional fields to their shape .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  execute setup for a module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  small helper function .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples from file to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method that should be routed for route requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  restful crud controller - could be used as a json compatible with imports - used for imports .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the content factory for the field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a list of information and a named user from os .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the media subclass instance .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write the output_corrected_fp: to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a log message to standard log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to get a response from the requests .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read url-safe file into as string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a api client which is a control api call to the current user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a file in the given format to the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get complete members for the given group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate a json file of top-level top-level operations .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the given string to a devices parameter string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  returns the reparse data path .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  decorate a function so that it can be called .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns true if the given string is valid and that it can be filled or a unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a symbolic copy of the value .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a template for the given blog .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ socket .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  return true if filename is a file containing unit .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  returns the opengl alignment to use as the value .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to verify that the response is a valid response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns a vertical value for normally stuff .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a string is an integer .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker ip .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from the binary subdir .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for routines that return a ctypes function prototype .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a path that compute a np .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  return true if inputs have two inputs with inputs if needed .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert obj to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove all ansi color references from the source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  return true if the graph is a valid bcc .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  given a path in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  undo the list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the given type is compatible with the given alphabet alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  take the construct a list of objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns true if the cluster has in its field in the cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return standard error codes from error .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a list of the choices that matches a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a string value is a byte string or unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  calls users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  converts the given requests to a flavor based on the new instance .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  creates a new user .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a queryoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  defined in a configuration value which is leaf .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single string should have been set .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  translate c to a sequence of arrays .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if the current request is a bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize the tmpdir/config create and initialize message with the given port .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob sqlite object for the blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a colorful .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the image response body from the response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that is remote to get a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch a local s3 image represented by the s3 .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  the migration widget and returns a new migration .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  ensure that all messages belong to the same folder .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted by name .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  this view is called with a demand stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique columns .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a real matrix to the respective components of a gaussian distribution .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the specificity is unknown .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits origin .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  computes the remainder efficient division of the remainder polynomial .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator access controls .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  unlinks the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a communities degree sequence of degree .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  create a wrapper for printing radvd text .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for an existing term .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset index control points .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns default and set of user objects as dictionaries with default values as dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns a sanitized which is used to process a django password at the given date and then calling that we need to be used primary .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  mock mock dummy implementation configured for the current request .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write a data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  return view for receiving email or account .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the given file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  set the libcloud type of the latest boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the xml element in a dict .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  return a mock egg object for a given resources .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the compute the compute squared error .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a selectfield variable initialized with shape <release+plugin> .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the tls client specified by the modbus client .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse a username/credentials out of a tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive for a url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the os or compiled value for an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab from gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this function is used by the main apache attacks .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment forms .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the operations adding a new job to the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items from the given uuid and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dict of environment variables .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which is implement a function and does not clobber through all functions .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  replacement for page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer cost function for correctness .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  helper function to store root directory root environment variables .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  compute histogram data to use for a binned or ar(l) array .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper to fit the test case .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if name is reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the an interval of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the version string of an docstring .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  traceback test of gf .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to unicode .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a new hashed install and make it easier to the same state as those in a vcenter .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls serially and yield yield and handle all available commands .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode string into one .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the configured interface type from an interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  computes the qnwunif mean weights for an array of nodes a to reach with weights and a : array_like the lower endpoint b : array_like sequence of nodes are both
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  computes sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function is called to update the future file to the summary file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data from a buffer or the size of data .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns the bs .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all layers .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a craft plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable enhanced enhanced stream .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast generic gpu? mapping file .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change permissions for attribute on the instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  this check that the given dependencies dependencies dependencies are correctly satisfied .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  generate a indices that maps iterables to their indices .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to handle a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  return an event object suitable for the named node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets a running system zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a path from a different storage instance using a different path .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  given a valid package name .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  given a user ids and the collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set a new document with a certain deal from the elb database .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to an artist or limit .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing virtual network .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  module function .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  a generator for compiling files in a given setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  execute a test case to download a test case .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  return document for a given resource in the string .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  returns if the given context may have similar to inject a inject .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a query for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to the interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  creates a formatted for printing a number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for quickly disabling all items in the log .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  compute the matrix exponential using the matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert an ordinal string to a unicode object .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of the git commands .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  execute the condition for a given condition and kwargs cli example: .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  return a dictionary of environment names that occur in the given querystring .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return the absolute position of a file in the entire page .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  restful crud output task to get information for a given task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns the version string .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  determine if the file contains a bad name .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp options with vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create a new closes method .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template and returns the capa .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  subtract a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by recurrence see also ndarray .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  lists all active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service :returns: covers .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  adds a search for a given search using a twitter search and a new user .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate an identity key for a stock stock value .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple public actions for the given scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a unquote_to_bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a possible object to a given object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates exists notification exists for the notification for an event notification .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  capture a printed that sends a text to stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info cache from the given template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  read read from file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert event box to other events .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get current cibpath .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper method to make a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  returns the metric of the nodes of a directed network .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a jwplayer message into a pandas bootstrap output relative to attempts to display .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  return an elastic access token .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function creates a file on a path .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns json-serializable or not parit for parity vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create a cfn tags for a given resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message access control by tests .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a full pool for a given monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a response object with a given content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  build the action action method to be recorded on a particular resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  load texture from disk file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a thread with a single topicsread for the given topic and last read from the last topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for the proxy to be passed to the port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception for the given locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get all plain-text by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read a file and return the appropriate one of the line .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the user level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a module name and a string .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  a network to set the network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  return an instance of an instance .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a topic to an existing topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  return the instance_info_cache name .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns the linear pairwise pairwise as a function of the method lm .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate an md5 digest string .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object to a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts the given mappings to a buffer .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  use the path to the real getrootdir .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  also checks that the function is not a method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the response is sane on the expected response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  calculate all the power largest in a less than n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the job and creates a daemon .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given sequence of python source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the conf object for a given conf .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  a dummy function that raises an exception .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new redirects .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  returns a panel object for the given panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to a valid lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time value to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given a list of files .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the information for a signal .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  returns true if the node is an nodewhile .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the square root approximation of a square image .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a wrapper around task to check if a task is a classic task .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a new archive job for the given addon .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table for daily time .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check the current refresh whether pillar is being monitored .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of file elements to a python sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string in the given encoding and return a jpeg .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the number of polygon for contrast if any .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  list all the languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  does a callback function have up the given url .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for assertion to become the execution expression if assertion is true .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to replace courselocator for the ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json tree of a function .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  asserts that value is a valid categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  call the function .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  train and query results for asking usage .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python 2 .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  determine the name of the process that a given user is running .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns a list of services that are enabled .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  execute the python interface .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that the first and its simplest are present .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted list into a single string .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return a list of paths to load the given theme .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  generate a code for code at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns the admin_username .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  check whether a country region is a leading zero zero for the given region .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset mean of a points .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  get the url of a github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float out of the point in a loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete action .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  computes the coefficient of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the xmpp user with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper function to return all defined matches with checkboxes .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how an event manager does a media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  context manager to invoke a function to mark a theano function as being run in a decorator .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test figure creation when a figure is subclassed .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  parse a mailcap file and send an exception if it isnt a valid sympy .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the character with the first occurence of the value in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  check and return false if a together is false .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that the specified message is a string .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  get the restructuredtext restructuredtext and push them to a new refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs the debug file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  create and return a cryptographic-friendly version of the given value .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this components to compare an alloc unary unary memory that is only built outside .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a set of sorted for either tracks or all tracks .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set up the test runner for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of slices .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple containing the given color and its padding .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate jquery animations .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  there is no trace function to be used for logging .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed packages that have changed for the given blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return a set of languages for all given lang .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  returns name of activation function .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with optional mapping of the form .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  run the crash time .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  configures all collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  automatically depreciate node subscriptions to return the node that the user is an integer which is assigned to get all defined .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object and returns a python object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns the maximum of a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  create a vlan to the vlan id for a vif interface .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a tuple .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  like :meth:url_encode but additionally for other-config service .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fix patches in appending to begin to be able to sentry .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  updates the num info for the given user .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  a generic function used to encode a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  both the os and the architecture architecture are 32-bit .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a print error handler previously set .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  get a problem_weighted_score_changed api key for log file .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates a callback useful for use as an integer in the beets way .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  generator wrapper around djangos version of s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the value of the user used for the given user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to produce the similarity between two vectors .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform an periodical .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  custom formstyle for the incident of the incident model .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test %reset kwarg to see if x coordinates give different from distances .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  any any kind uses which to signals .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run the command on the given arguments .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create the color configuration file for the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a html string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user non-zero .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a scheduled pending pending pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  project image rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return the information on the minion :return: a dictionary representing the identifier :rtype: dict .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  get a configure class .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  for convenience .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  instantiate a local marker for the given server_url .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates a new user for a given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string of bytes to a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked as a text with a wavelet .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for cinder docstring not be a cinder space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this method is used to test an alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the scalar indexed scalar in a^p into a numpy instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by the derivation .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  given a query string .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a user tags for list of schema objects .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get the preconditioner and returns a sparse matrix of the given two sparse matrices .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  create a delimiter .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  check for current'] .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  we must hashes out of a string .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  remove a unicode string from a url in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g is a subgraph independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns a list of words .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> integer return a copy of data .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the generators that is in the given start^ .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tests that the user is initialized when we dont evaluate a string .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  creates a color dict from the given qt class .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for the user .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert an unix time string to a time instance .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a ctypes .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  handle a request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a double word field onto a dataframe .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() handler to etag .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all configured ports .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  log a request to the given exception .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns a url of the 2[ .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  calculate and return a discrete loss for average 'running .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates datestring event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  return a dict with frequency@templated details that have changed .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  appends single keys to a specific configuration .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns terminal batch by a given number .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  module importer .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  try to resize a pb interactive window if itself fails .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of the names of the given users currently installed users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total users like objects a given context .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  create a filename for the filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check the rescale mode .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal function that matches a given expression; pattern .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  def image should be returned with a zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding for utf8 .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update one or more static files names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk fuzzy are marked as file .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  find a full path with full .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  return the contents of the given document as a dict with the given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  notifies female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set windows server configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return a dict of job config values .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  return a sparse matrix in sparse format a sparse matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  merges list with the given data .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the window for an instance of a window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  fixture to add a shell to the builtins module .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test from the designated caused and test 2012 .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if the given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  return the queryset of the graph g .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  returns a tensorflow initializer .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a nested parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched nullable .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  the root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read the messages from a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  returns the string with any irc chars stripped .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a canned to the given roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  allows to validate gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  this version of the latest ui .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a recurrence tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  retrieve the configuration from the network device .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header for the given product name .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval to read the number of config configuration .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a evil_member user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  jump the current implementation of the context .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  tests that the in-db functions get a suggestion when possible .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a new specific registration specific for the given lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  return true if the given standard deviation is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the provided value is a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given the name and an entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in zenoss .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute weighted mean squared objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if any shows in list contain anime :return: boolean indicating whether global is present .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create an http client from gce slave instance .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add to the menu menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  set the base class for the files .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url of the given url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns bridge bridge to which the brs is defined .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check the coordinate structure of both single and see behaves as one token .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the given arguments are valid .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a number of possible token .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for an s .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output of a file from the given resource which may have been executed by the file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator for cinder .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  return a temporary file object with a given name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  handle openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the state of the random ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the money code for a given money code .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch crypto backends .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  returns for the large column .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the footer obj is the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version string .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  insert text into a cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether this word is probably a readable string .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping entry .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string of space-separated numbers to unicode strings .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  object function that returns an iterator over a given iterable object .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result for the elasticsearch instance .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  yields a command list of arguments .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi application that sets a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if the user is created from the loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check to make sure mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then returns the url .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified jid was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update update signal .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  reverse an image permissions .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  check the given file is a valid exception .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an the url to redirect to the profile .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dictionary of office tuples .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return a boot options from the user system metadata .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a generator that yields x at the beginning of the function .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  given the path to the repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function that will log the configuration changes .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return a cpu volume names .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  return the unicode count from a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  set a all the progress service provider .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate a string in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  runs the clean server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup a previously set of talking talking .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test to make sure no adding the adding event is used to the tag .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  determine if the object instance is a pair of ascii .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  delete a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test checking if an error is raised while a wrong type .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  returns a list of existing default brand .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust floating points into floating css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a json file to csv .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  return a list of module names from an application name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows in a given workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use with the given key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  this is currently active .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the raspberry sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  get the list of docs to be used in a given document .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares a flag as a flag .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test checking external docs can be removed .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield yield yield links .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  fetch the *data* converter for the given id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  calculate the length of the fixed length .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for openid openid requests .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of the named file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with binary or text data according to the type of frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  list packages currently installed packages .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  returns a manage manage for the project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path to the directory where the data is stored .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns all registered filtering .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  fetches the requests .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  return dictionaries for the crl dictionary .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify the text on the class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  generates a dict of [x]html information to a emails by elementary .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of the redis queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the users support page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  consume a wsgi server by marking the given request .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list of columns with the columns in the given cols .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  return the url for the executable wiki .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms an otu log table by given axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad line option .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  init one alloc to a tensor .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  return the cli version of pip install should be used for build .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project filter have any projects or private projects .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about a named vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the lower w of a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the wigner algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap user to log messages .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  returns true if the user-agent and only if it is a numeric .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return file in directory lookups .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  calls the aws server with the kwargs dict and return a clock instance .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the sysadmin specified .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  get the number of cones between a and pv or a matrix .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the projection of the set of rgba value .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  returns the estimated minima of an array of all pairwise .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters date:string  formatyyyy-mm-dd  retry_count : int .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  returns the metric handler for the given name .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if a key has multiple member in it .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  find the vm by name .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a pandas table to a list of tuples .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation distance between vectors and solution .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  generate a a list of a which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default implementation of the fresh qkeyevent .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is the wrapper method for the one-vs-one .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns whether the running from the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  adds the given forum modified patch for a specific configuration .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a adjacency plot or pluralizations and plot coordinates .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to timezone info in a refresh by its ?unc .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  return base64 encoded string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  raise a django request .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp as a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  helper decorator for args .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the sine representation of the given list of sinusoidal tracks freqscaling: scaling factors .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse html html representation of an html tree .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the its exit categories .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set a users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dictionary without any possible values .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  send a notification via rpc .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  outputs a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  add a directory to the path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  for all students problem for a course that may be deleted on a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return the attribute name for an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe by ranges from a dask dataframe parameters dd : dask .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a pickle file and return a sparse instance object .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the directory of this template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  if a number matches the argument to the proper number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  create an sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return a directed graph of the graph g and insert it in the graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  evaluate a matrix of the matrix elementwise and b .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  coerces a list of positional arguments .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  take list of strings and returns a list of the arguments .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a module refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  responds to the rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  return the line corresponding to the given token .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return the current packed .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the given properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  returns the user id of a user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return an integer containing information about the specified key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the custom url for the given custom language id .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate logged-in example rst from application .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns an administrator version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  create request to split rgb over http request .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an exception for a given intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a repos .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  returns true if the given level level level is a avatar .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  given a set of arrays .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  admin view that displays the settings to the user .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the skew of two points .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the string path for the given file .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plots the harris points for each figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  return s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns fifo cost by stock the total cost .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota resources for a given track .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  converts the given http response body to a simple response body suitable for persisting .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  return the index where to insert item searchsorted .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder configure jenkins to or command .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a suitable part of the given partition filter .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  returns a list of user ids for the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  create a simple wrapper around responds .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  tries to get the pid from <program_name> .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  testing a tuple of negative :func:dmp_eval_tail .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity function .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  computes a string that specifies dicts of a given string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  assembles keys with str .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  return the three exception .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  takes an iterator that is a septets entry in length .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read 1000 units at a time .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options for the given {'channel' .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors for the given color .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the directory tree .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  returns a sql column constraints to the given datastore .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines whether the host is in the proxy directory .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset for the given formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  add a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  get a list of top stats for a given project .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install or upgrade remote server .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark an api method in the data .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource uri and returns a tuple of it .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a disk cache from a local cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks that the minimum value is present .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the javascript chunk of the javascript for all functions .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem to the global object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  5: 5: for a cache exception .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute to the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check to see if the response is an upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class with the given name .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  set the output weights of the given path .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email by the login transform in the response with the response .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  a decorator for timing methods .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate a model model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  convert a point to a list of strings .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  called at the end of the function .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  converts a prefix to a bootstrap format .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  helper method to return the thing of a given type .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  grabs google apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new user picture in the datastore with updated updated .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return -1 for item of a sequence x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a sequence_type implementation for the importance usage .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  like _simplesizer except for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed languages since the on-disk revision .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  return a tuple like items .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook in the given queue .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of dicts .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the cumulative density function of the minimum value .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a default locale parameters from the locale locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies and primer in a list .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mark a function as not an attribute for a method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all libraries to a temp directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  uses the command to display all commands with the command given by the prefix and allows you to deal with the final position .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check and ensure that it works as expected and has no time .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the formatted function .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  returns a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update an appropriate site backends .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse the first time_str of a repository reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name for the given vulnerabilities .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a flattened that may be used to create a trace on the larger .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensures that all rules have no rules stored in the string .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  helper function to convert a string representing a boolean to a python object .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  return a name of the basestring in the returned quay module .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  retrieve current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  all internal helper for core .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  use this function to override the handle the handle of the handle filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the score score function inplace .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the path segments of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  given a path to the cola directory .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forms a custom templates in the given dictionary and filters a custom templates .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  check for ssl items in a list .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verifies that the policy is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  returns the tensorflow graph for a layer or classical .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions of the server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  given a list of gating milestones .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see insert output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert the given system root or deb deb .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  this function performs the twitter params on the specified file parameters .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  run the truestart and client version .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  make a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current environment as an option .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a parsed list of the given reg .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move to the next character before the cursor .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu percentage by process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to make sure that the input data is still used for testing the input .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder the number of positive integer n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot name is absent on the system name : string the boolean try to destroy the provides tip : boolean try to destroy the snapshot .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the value of the maximum of the given list .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a new image points for the given new requests .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  verify if the unit file exists .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  open a list of templates .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  create an entry from a binary id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a string from a fits number .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all criteria that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the itemwise differences of the list is returned .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return data to a function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for use as a escape python type .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates a dummy image file into a sequenceexample file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with a soundcloud .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access list given the flavor type .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a value to the given thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  this function tries to get the default resources of the application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representation of a phone number as a string .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  helper function to get scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri into composite parts .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns the map of a given type or tenant_id type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  returns the random available on this system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry that will always be enabled .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the correct focal .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  create a health ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return the unfreeze for a container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  shortcut for request_response .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns an arbitrarily .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string in yyyymmdd format [<num><multiplier> ]* format .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get the status of a response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the inheritance object args: obj_name : the name of the object to check if set .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  respond with a html generated by the email address .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  save the entire exception by copying the watch as the values in *buffer* .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition a fused .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the matrices with the real matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays the current file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  simplified a document and a given action .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  this view creates an ssh web page .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  remove all previously saved jobs .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance and return its output .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt instance of an xsd .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  return oriented tree constructed from a source node .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  returns a string like sentences .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until all ip ip addresses are specified .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the port for a named package cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that a list of valid exceptions are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  this generator for removing all the values in the node tree .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  tests that cx_oracle .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  displayed or sc1 .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the date is authorized to use .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a student certificates for courses courses in the given course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a list of conf data for a particular user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the loop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cross product of two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" where url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  pick out correct numeric channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  writes the string to a desired bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a matplotlib light light light for make a getprime:long color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  adds function to be executed .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the requested token info from http body and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  builds a stable url for a stable font .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get list of appropriate auth string .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action with the given text .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove unicode data from bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a url for a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorate the provided html and stderr with stdout .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  retrieves the mirror mirror relationship .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url for the given identity dictionary .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects the config file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set up the event for the event .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of matching environments .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dict to their appropriate values .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of the extra refs file for the current subdirectory .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  check the status of a method in the http response .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  changes the amount of a named vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this project .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert the characters &<>" in html .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  determine whether the view exists in the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the intended already exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns true if the given object has the existing permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  apply the orient method to a orient prior to it .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a value that may contain a nice expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the dir to models in the given pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  used by pootleenv .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check the mayavi version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a filename for the filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert a time in seconds into the epoch .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of text .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified service .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  seconds that a string is allowed to be a insensitive verifies .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  return a new .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  make the full class passes it in the class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for external application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the name parameter to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for the incident formstyle .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the most recent arguments for a specific metric .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket by a given encryption key this returns an encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  get the chosen points for prompts in order to iterate .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test subplot layout for image .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a matrix that represents the reflection matrix .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a qt dict to a transactions .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a flat list from the vocabulary .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform of the difference between two transformation .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent name the name of the overlay to remove index template : string name of the volume template template template : boolean do
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  calculate the shape of a binary image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* is a ldap name .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the url of the backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a main service and return the resulting one .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  generate a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  this creates an editable with a list of observations that offers the admin log .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the number of cuda disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  string return a link if language is a title page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function and return a list of .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  returns true if any items of a alphabet sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  ternary shortcut .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns true if the given node has a contain post .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  read a stim channel from the same settings as the numpy array .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the reverse function returns a string representing any offsets in previous_labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return the first line of the multi-line parameter names .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract code information from the given code code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  returns true if cmd is executable by the given command .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  build the display options for the bootstrap options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  ensure images with a pipeline fails .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  return an object given its file name .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of states answers for a given exps .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a fake test cases for fields .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a function with compiler .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  iterates over a dict of one or more paragraphs .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path of the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a merge for a comp that may occur packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit moves n .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading that is supported by the now .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove an item from the specified object if applicable .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns the query_string from the given argument as a string .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  initializes the module with the specified name .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  should not create an api that skips a new user or is assigned to that the given project .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison between 2 and incrementing for comparison .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if the user has access to the given addon .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  fillet a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  fake gh: config for normally unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  returns a list of roles for a user from the access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  returns a list of sample html document from this cgi .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return number of seconds from a string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  get the path of the qiime project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying the versioned versioned body for a given secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses the given request uri into the respective components .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  get the kb summary of a given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the printed output of a specific code .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration the calibration .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align -> int rounds x up to nearest multiple of the alignment .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parses a config file and returns a dictionary of functionannotation objects .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  helper function to decipher a dkl2rgb string with a positive key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the tracker if it is available .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  helper function to run a command on stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  check if environment is a list of environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes the configuration file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search a search results for a search .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  check that download_file gives an ioerror if needed .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the logic .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parses a date formats .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns a dict for a complete takes a list of chunks for a know .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the hwclock and return its output of the command .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return a character from a string of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  adds a traffic server to the given traffic file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the given space .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds an entry to the given user for the given course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the server has been reached .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build publish builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  setup a single site .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gated gated certificates for given course and status .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  returns a list of test tests to run .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the current plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete a filesystem or a filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of the rendition for an instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  make a cg request .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  look up a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  performs a saved playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that allows a function to enforce a specific value .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns the determinant of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals to mark a function or method as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load the class by alias or alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  compute maximum flow of maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the minimum percentile of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test that vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  attaches the current greenlet to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  create an entrance exam exam as a background task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a syncfile .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates a new figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a by name .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  return the shape of a column in the specified ndarray .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see pull request .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create and merge a dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  return the network port object .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the next history of the document .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object parameters .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  helper function to build a string for the job .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the traffic_manager logging for the given logging .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  find default token for reach class .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global metric ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file from the filesystem .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  for a given language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test for issue #5617 when parsing is passed .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  pretty-print an object using import and returns it .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  calls the train .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return true if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on openbsd systems .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  adds the user handler for the given request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  checks that the given cluster is equal and that the first element .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  returns the current time in seconds with millisecond precision .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  create and return a string with the given string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token to the current user where the current session is the current user has the current user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the lines of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given binary representation buf and a binary representation .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that will create a temporary time to be raised .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create an asset hotp using the google cloud provider .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load the default credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sorts the version of the given list of words .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts javascript code to a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  return the name of the config file .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  given a host and a host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the state of the gc to the gc object .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an rate string as a numpy array .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  read in the salt file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  creates a new degrees object for the targets routines on the target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the procedure item by layer name .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  parse and return an element in a human-readable way .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  calculate a maximum dict of pairs for each input pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html format for an letterhead document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature using dism args: feature : the feature to be removed : the path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  retrieve the sysfs ifname based on the path .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim enable/disable and print out of the dagrun that do not contain any errors .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  resolve cho_factor() name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  returns a string representing a phone identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the tooltips filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of the fallback for an admin .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult from the given rows .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the url of the csf that contain the given css .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random boundary string for use in [0 .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given the input input input and return a msbuild prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the url for the given comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a task to get an securely-generated one or more task asynchronously .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  returns a queue that converts a local symbol to the local dict .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels and target objects for all the consumers that need to be identified as a dictionary .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the selinux guest access to shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  ensure that the memory package like we dont have a encountered network .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid authentication with openid :attr request: context .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the squared mean of the l**p function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for all the given product product product in the given product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  decrease the saturation channel of a color by some percent .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  equivalent of os .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent the given text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  add a new compression method to the settings of the given locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template by name .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  a class decorator that is passed to the base class .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  sets the global ui object so that it is done from the current iteration object .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for a path on the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  saves cover to data .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  look for a given scan .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  take a nested dictionary of values and converts it to a new list .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if path is working directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the parameter to access a container .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new conda environment .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get a reference to a port object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  gets the authentication token from an access_token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http requests path_info as a unicode string .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to define "weight" on build .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  generates the radius of a model with initial neighbors parameters x : array-like input : bool a global gaussian : bool or class .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of all available ereturn .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute the pearson .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an in/out object based on class .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns a dictionary mapping server-wwns information to their unfulfilled certificates .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests datetimes as expected datetime string .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a django model to the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  return a single initial state function from an initial state parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  extract a list from validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  returns true if the string is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an absolute transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace removed inline inline inline inline changes .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check the image id for an image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  creates a dense connector .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all possible elements in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  return a value of the value in the make .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup test environment .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to parse the commands from the given package and return a lengths of the filesystem .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function function{ is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  return a mask for an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  scan a pid as a defined width with the given pid .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  compute the gaussian unbuckle term for a basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  converts the arguments of a query string with a list of query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  class decorator that may be checked by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a sync that will send the given threadpool threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  failed failed title .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get the path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts a user using processors .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  create and return the correct store .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  whether the input array is a 2d tensor .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named query string with the given query string .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to be sent as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute the given function using the given signal while getting the ctypes .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the appropriate multiprocessing process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc to the inc and ignore chunks .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a com object that converts the given into its method .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a list .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  converts the version string to a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the current options from the api version as a string .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of trusted in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a regularization cost by applying a network to the parameters of a layer or group of the parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca certs from the ca filesystem .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  this function installs the appropriate signal handler for making sure that the thread will be run .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  returns a dict of a service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the inverse of the value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with no data .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy an instance or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a numeric time id for the given numeric id .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  assumes that a mixture is returned by a mixture operator .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  converts a string into a list of lowercase strings .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of the file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the matlab function .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  returns a url array for a given collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the list of available plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares the zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return the an array of the seqs of sync .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains any signs .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a quoted version of the value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  takes a request and an http request and passes it to the selectfield .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return filename without modifying if it is found .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  share the default config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  computes the epipole and weights for the second solution .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return an int and gather .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set integer input' key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  that maps masked array of new array and coerce .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  private function used to samme function .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function to display the raw log alongside .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  from arrays to check partial number of slices in a list overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the main functions for a 'multiple modules .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  converts a valid html characters into bokeh html .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an existing application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a command as a remote host .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  encodes a bytearray in bytes into an int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id and restart it .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys in the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr iteration .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  that a given service is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue with enabled log .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  helper function that raises an error if regex is not a regex string .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  pass the source image to exif images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a deleted .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal helper method to push the grayscale flag .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript text in the given path .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  this function updates a dict of a new hash .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the users power of two polynomials .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that distances can be filled and get it .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  given a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a function that returns a unchanged .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a general entrypoints for the given target id .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  this should extract the hmac-sha1 where the user is propagated propagated .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  momentarily loop in a *sequences* loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  return an unsigned utility for the given item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a notification setting for a email address .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  computes the geometric mean along the specified axis of the sum .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all the given resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary classification .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple text from a plain text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify that the validation errors are valid .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that returns a keyevent .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to interface with this name of a bcsys .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to ensure that a method has a compilation name .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse string of js statistics for each word .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an importtask .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  install a resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  return all the values in a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  send notification event for the specified service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  send the current process to its actions cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize a module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical spline of a categorical distribution .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  set the 304 dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the *k* individuals individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of apple members for the given binary .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  make a list of tuples .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  some toolchain logs a message to be created .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a model from a file and return a configparser was made by that was parabolic to a string .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for joyent configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage for the specified request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  returns a current python object for use with the current thread .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  upgrade a vcs requirement for vcs errors .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to drop full shape for incoming purposes .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  given a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  set api parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a configuration map from ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the locale locale .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  coerces a dictionary containing a unnecessary dictionary .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypt a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  decodes string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  retrieve a commit message from the given suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a total degree into a fits row and the values of the previous mean squared from the right .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read and return parsed record object from the file in a python file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a dictionary of the the get types for a given mapping type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test if we have a proper crypto driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  helper function to compute the dictionary of the users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates an xml file against a valid xml schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  create a dataset from a given datasetid .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  returns the title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns from django .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return a dict with the volume with name key .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  encloses each unicode character with its utf-8 select counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a tuples of server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  decorator: automatically calls api .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  generic function to run consistent shell command .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the contents of two files and return the list of unequal files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  write the list of unique cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for the specified path to become an existing op .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  given a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the ccx contents of the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  opens and returns the contents of the tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a block device from the napalm database .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the line which is probably a source file .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip the test unless the given command is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse and validate the user defined by the username .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  normalize the javascript representation of the expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  returns a version of the git version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  convert a numeric code to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over the commit range of a commit reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm volume by id .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the full description of a reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  recursively set the functions of f(x) .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the data as a permutation of head .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return an tuples that sets of the given settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender to see also receivers .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes the generalized mean of a and b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  return a python object for a newer file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the float by a float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  manage active log format for smtp connections .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the current session is executed .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return an initial or a straight matrix of info about the target .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the given node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  restores a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  generate a bernoulli random expression .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random length .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file inside a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks whether g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json managed sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is at least two points .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  using an empty overlay .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  display a list of current zones zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a project and returns its contents .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  this generator is a valid errors .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  replace :func:subprocess with an exception .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top army of the top rated domain .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder used by the given context and return a bootstrap object .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  minimal minimal objects from data .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric server configuration variables whose names match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return matching files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  compute an expression of a single bool .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary directory beneath the filesystem .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return configuration .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current config so far on the system .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently compute the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find the first file with chunks in a list by filepath .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to add to the target priority .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a ldap route with a separator account .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links for a given css .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations translations from a source file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  back-end method to add a new record .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute a remote implementation of data .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  get the source for a source line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a set of files from a list of modules .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns an empty team state .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a saves to disk .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the language-code with the given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a list of handlers from a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links to render a list of javascript external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the generated localized events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a google cloud storage object .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  compute true if these are overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get a on the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the content of the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  provide a unicode object session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a jose rsa .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a datetime .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  add command to the command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter out the pillar data of a specific notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds a string for the given locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  transform a kivy name .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  create a clip that responds to a region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  remove the given string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a tuple of vertices .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if a named service is installed to start on boot cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns the dictfetchmany as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a worker worker that will be installed .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the value of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print up the stack trace from an html file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns a list of points in a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return data from bootstrap sample sample .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  a replacement for the specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  removes the block number for a given course and block .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run a statement command external command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that functions do not use the bound .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of available xblocks xblocks xblocks .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rest controller for budget_allocation @status: experimental .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  inverts univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically sets user for the login group .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and lower grid .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return the version of the glibc string .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  call post-configuration of the application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return the driver type for a driver provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with this course_key valid actions: .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth cmoment between two random expression about n .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get detailed rotation status for a key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  takes a set of ip addresses and an eip request .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple sorted and a single sorted list .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  user to do a login console to the login .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  new case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a string indicating that the colorize output being used as html file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id for a certain event id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function makes the default context manager for the given program .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  given a directory .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  a decorator to make a function unimplemented .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate whether the value is a number .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph for a mestate .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses article from imdb .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure a parameter .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  receives a parameter .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  helper to format the text field for matching 1 .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  computes the free operation for two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  define a assname/assattr: that calls the given note .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a context and a dictionary .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  return the current fstype service .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  a decorator that applies a function so that it is called before the first argument .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the number of fieldname in the desired corresponds to the file in the path .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator for copy_reg to construct a box for a given object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call available status .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to ban a user in .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h to detect a specified registration .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup profiling information .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  retrieves the db db from the table .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a get request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return position between two vectors .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  instantiate the test template echo .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  return the expression of the expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieves the show id from a given job .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the line is in the list of tokens or an integer .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns a string if it is a global model .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return a string representing a cookie number .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the correct type of the given value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current line of the script to the next line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  given the elastic address and type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this creates a temporary vm on the provided vm to be run from the transport transport .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  fail unless exception is true .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return join tree in the provided tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read text table with wrong table with a wrong marker table .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  given a number of pages as a number of a <x-left> expression .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read artemis123 data as raw format .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test and test to lae .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove slave for a zone .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if tuple is a consistent level .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the value followed by the value followed by the 7 lower bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call the reactor and ensure it returns the reactor run it .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an environment variable that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by bindings with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove any top-level status' from the pull request .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  check if all space given by the given string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align align for the given primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the string for a file in the path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an action of the programs .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called only when the virtual switch is used .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return true if the given class is marked as nose .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  read the strings of a minimum file .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy a file descriptor to disk .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture that returns a fake language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  creates a group object for the targets found .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default view .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a flow from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add to string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  gets all the models in the database .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute polynomial map in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses a exact dictionary and creates a dictionary of tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in a list .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial dimensions of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named named named named url-decode .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  adds a new dictionary to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add one or more dataverse to the provider .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  returns the number of words in a organization .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verifies that the specified password matches the supplied password and password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  a version of getattr() that returns a string .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class or class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a taps event with a taps that adds a taps .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg value is valid .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper to render a final graph for final line .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed for a named package name the name of the package to install a list to install cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca file using mkstemp() from filename .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get unpacked loops going round in a given direction .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove list and art from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  extracts a file from the list-running .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given strings is a constant positive .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot delete confirmation page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  returns the chi-squared pdf pdf function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate pairwise and return the pairwise kernels of a matrix .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this is a pickleable .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an owner and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  retrieve the datastore namespace from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  prepare c to build the predefined library and return a document .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  authentication for azure .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  collect rendered content .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  look up the given type .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get all block device mapping for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  load a string of the form portion of a filename .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return an instance of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the mask for cover .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete one inventory from the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  the configuration of module .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the recarray dataset records .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort opengl for all ip .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns the form for the swift form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api routes for api calls .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that ignores the printed output of the context .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  displays a comment for the given issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return an iterator over all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute wi .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the playing dataset .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript code for the given phonenumber .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  an iterator that yields the first character at the given number of values .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  return the versions of the specified version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  compute a spectral bound to the given radius .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check to make sure a device has the expected device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  cd() should have a nested prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  renames a package overlap to a destination .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all all all consistency .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group parameter group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that the keypoints censure of scale work .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first leaf of a node that is a set of points .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  look for the vm that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports an lvm object based on a string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html between html tags to a single space between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that the standby for standby is in standby .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check the fixture weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given parametrized metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  determines if a given user is in the context of the current user .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  adds two mathjax script at rst to the given content .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  delete the given tree directory if it isnt going to be saved .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if a clause has a search that contains present in its surface .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a directory mkdir directory path .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  initializes the logger for the request processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get a few key to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action function .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run the main application .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  extract the rate list of parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  return the page from the given href and handles url .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  checks the size of exonerate .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  returns true if the block could be are the same as the block of the block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set a user on windows .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check for a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get/create a new permissionset .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dont produce incomplete list .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  construct new theano shared variable with the given string .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value pair format file out of dictionary .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that any @hypothesis works as expected .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  resolve a packed .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  returns the http cached q .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of the names of the domains .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensures that the string game is a normal line and can be a test .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return a tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return path to the test test test test test test test test test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plots a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy transcript from a transcript to another user .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of gpu board ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator to handle a view of packages .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  create the not-in-place variable for a cloud profile .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  create a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  update a resource variables as a hash .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return a pidlockfile list of pidlockfile scenarios with the given scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user for elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow a user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  import and import a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns command for a given binding .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  find the object attributes for the given value .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  fetch a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative version of two strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a node from the passed node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get a city based on the provided request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class exceptions .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure with a view .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  custom page for views .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  send analytics event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run property for the given name and name .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value in the range of value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  returns a list of the names of the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  automatically assigns a node names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random 64bit random params .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject a new coursetalk widget for the given course context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  display a html .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the known stream .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to create a list of arrays .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  returns a subset of dependencies from the given reg .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an association object for the collection of a collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are senn type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run up the media upload method .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return a short .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  recursively as .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns true if the given object is a an adatetime .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a generator that returns a html file to a sensor .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  set a percentage of unknown task in the task .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall edge in the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns all tags of a dict of objects with the given id and m2 .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a dict with the given class and kwargs .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds the migration of the given migration .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of lists for a given db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  determine the value is a polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a custom task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main section of the script .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this test to prevent multiple threads from the celery shell .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that value is a string which is not a valid list .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a list of namedtuple with the given extra yet .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update the value of the minimum -cut .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return a common that has the most common elements of the given number of the given values .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  token token to init user .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an integer or common to key_id .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  memoize aka cache the return output of a function given a specific set of arguments .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  print the label with the output of the function .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  helper function for rendering snippets .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a sorted list of messages that contribute to sort the given sort .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file by looking through a given path .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by s3optionsfilter to provide the item access via the item access .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to the specified ratio with the specified ratio .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return a file exists on the virtualenv .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  parse the device private key within the converted device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  helper function to format the firewall firewall firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the raw dictionary into a * powerline cooperative dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  this handler an authorization handler based on a channel .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return the time in seconds since a time string .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  converts a unicode code into an integer for the given code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin introduces a game on your builds using the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  class decorator that allows us to be used as a powers for the given class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  execute the command passed in a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team at the team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for linked distributions .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over the logged-in modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a reply-to object id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  fake click button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  finds the search of a set of sequences in a glob pattern .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a traffic server and return a list of promo .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  a wrapper method which allows a nick to add a target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  clone a given message for the given cursor and id .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  print a list of homebrew via async cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main section of the git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  activate jquery directories to page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step rules takes a suffix .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  replaces instances of the given number of lines of new lines .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  replace metadata tools .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return a python object for the given cursor .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  creates a new account for the twitter connection .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  finds the national national number for a message containing a list of national index .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the given parse and return a tuple of ports pairs .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a string for use in a cookie name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  use for classes to use in the class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the download totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  given a list of issues closed issues and an iterable of issues after the given date .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test zoom output with a single 1d array .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop watching calls to be used for the application .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  list all snapshots to a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions test and returns whether test needs to be microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this method expects a student of a new student .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  across the name of the user from the model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a human readable string to format .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  i have been added with first axis .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  split f into an integer .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of available images .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  this view creates an ajax or update tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  collects a possible archive context for the given arguments .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unifrac-like row from a list of one-element performing a metric parameters .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  remove html markup .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  helper to concatenate the raw events in a previous expression .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  check if minute value is a valid range .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the get the points inside the begin craft dataset .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration variables .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  returns the permutation of the indices in the order .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that the tpot header contains any original header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  load the extension of the ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the message name for the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the given file .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that the object is called with a number of data .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  add a get factory for the given request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  dict get certificate data from a parsed request .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the snmp server .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a node containing the names of the given package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr minus dimitem | const_list | dimitem | expr ge expr | expr equals dimitem | expr ne expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a query string like legacy variables .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a given request .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return input from a vcenter or bool object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes the log of a theano function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  remove an image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that the tpot cli example: .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  delete a demo demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  return cookie by setting the 4-character cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a dict with metadata -> infodict for an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this is a generic example units that *n* can be used with a specified absorb .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list currently active key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats node cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the priority of a repository :arg client: an :class:elasticsearch .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for marking that a method is a gating only supported in the course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric for each metric inside this project .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given obj has a method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  returns a component for a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  by default .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex string to an octets address .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates hash of the given hotfix .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse async style dict from user supplied .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  return extension in each :class: .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes all yaml files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  get the state of a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  create a lazy lazy function that renders the lazy lazy partial operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to *sequences* .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to the beginning of a given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns data for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair for testing remotevolumemanager uses it to create a local service .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  debug agent to "inherit" a patchoperations based on the underlying image .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return an iterator over the strides of a input image .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard display is on .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for use in builds .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the first derivative of f in x .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  outputs the sublime of a ansible machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to disk .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  converts a numpy array to a serialized array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you can add keys in a dictionary of values .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  reverse-map the items in the acoustid server .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  the plan rechunk is a new plan in the graph that is found in the current block of the current block .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  searches the full path to the given filename .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a tuple from a token .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  handles a service name from a service call .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a head to the given number of popen loops .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the pack class .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  a package to find all available packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  pretty-format the given data of a datetime object .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of courses courses to use .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the query and then return it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to the specified attribute of each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  runs a running system at_time the given sleep .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install a tkinter .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  wrapper for the attributes .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if not already installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads and parse the bads rules in the input string .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return comment status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test the local returns before trying to metaclass .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary with the given axis name and the columns of the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a list of features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  perform matching threads .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a colormap image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  computes the aeon queue for matplotlib queue to another queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  helper function to dump expression that ignores all datasets from the expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  try to identify an admx table format .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create an already for a media descriptor object .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml events for a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the python name is run in the cache .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the provided service type is a valid servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom decorator for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate and return a datetimes as the given date .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively generate a url for a value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default index form .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs gettext for a given gettext .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  this function is a little function to sort a random order .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a binary file from the word2vec library .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract extra version-2 requests for the given locale and requests .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a list of test cases in a list of test case .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  skip the request to be available .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes a line and filename .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts a text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  like the file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that the user init when user has pytables .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture that provides a template tag for tests .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove specified css classes from the css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  return unicode function that ignores unicode strings .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check sparse sparse sparse matrices for various ways .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add the host with host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  this is run when provided plugin is loaded .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the file system .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  add pre name to the log update a resource .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  returns search fields given a dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a file from disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp version number from the commit .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes data as a variable .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  create a source script that writes a file to the given contents .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  helper function to join the url and create a new url to the fragment parameter .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  perform a single table of combine latin using a .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component of the given component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a wrong .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  older versions of links .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  call the month table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  make a user out down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  helper that returns a single set of arrays .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  returns an or-ed .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function so that results for the given functions is raised .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute the image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a view that doesnt generate a license with a license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  calculate the magnetic prim .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk target are marked as file .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator function in a module .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some xml characters in xml characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  persistent dictionary with password .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication status in the same css as the replication to compare .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  get the string representation of the xml element .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack n objects .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns elapsed time since last reload of params .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  set an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  this returns a course section for the analytics section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  computes the area of the input score .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column according to the given order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parses an available: record file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  download a list of cover art associated with a given releaseid .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the treesegment tree for the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download download url for a github project .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the type for a given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the provided config is valid .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test a base on before and fails names .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  determine the endpoint of a given wcs .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get current time zone aware datetime object with integers .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  init the connection and prepend the global parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the specified element matching the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return what version are available but not enabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an array of the mapping of the mapping[name] into the mapping table .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose code as a yaml formatted yaml string .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with the given dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  members of the resource main independent of the principal independent .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  task used for html .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that should not return one of the routines .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  make an old version of the rate distribution .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  the given string s is a valid url .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the user has visible visible to access the user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns a list of updateable urls for use in a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the the elements of a product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the current time as a localizable .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop loops from loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command as an result .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  view that allow a password to be a change form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project version of prior to their respective al .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  keyword whitespace and may have a submit capitalization .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return a version-2 aggregate for the given object .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage image to an array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is set to a set of timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all the exploration exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read from the books file and return it .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  function to process the data multiple threads every thread .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  returns a dict with the defined equity curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function for login .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of for a given group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  readers a single filename as a part of dyadic .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return dictionary with information about databases of a tablespace .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a julian-formatted date pack pack .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  this is a script to hide the twisted files for a given file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with a and b removed .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  classical a string of bytes from the buffer buffer and additionally .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a correct grid with a given axes according to the axes class and a plot .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a dictionary of key/value pairs to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a given item in the order .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using the review sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  returns a datetime object for the given credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to register a user .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find a search by name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  convert config from a full name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the fabmetheus directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging handler for extra loggers .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object for the 5-minute wiki .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve the quotas for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  converts string of starts quadratic format to standard uniform distribution .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: block execute a critical build step .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  verify that the key exists for the given host is not a filesystem host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  return a separation .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  perform info on remote server with info that will try to get joined on the remote .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key for whether a datetime is descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the key is missing .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild a schedule if it has been rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  cache all the translations tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  add a new course in the list .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the users home directory if it exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  list public ip blocks .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball at the given dataset .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform multiple threads of a file on a directory .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  return the location of the function provided .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a a whoosh hash of a media_list_player .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  pass in the given objects to a dict of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  return window and window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns a numpy ndarray that matches the discrete variable forms .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator that wraps an api call a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file on a specific file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the linear order linear order of the linear differential equation .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print git message name .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  return an instance of the storage plugin containing the name of the plugin to display .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to an ssl constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  perform profile and returns the profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote the nt bit of a class .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a count of dictionaries for the given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generic fixture fixture for which simply returns a generator .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  shows an atom for a chart .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a model reference from the provided reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple values efficiently only allow choices to handle choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  delete one or more model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a list of the linear sequence of f .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  for a given temp and restart .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash and braces with their escaped equivalents .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure the cluster configuration .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  given a storage .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculates the score counts for the given user and email addresses .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  returns a list of all exercises that the user is completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate mongo application name from the given image name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  indices a function to be called via rpc .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a <<= b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  calculate the lagged for a set of var in a graph g .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  list all resources of a resource_view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  parse distribution for a distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a vcenter line .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return configuration options for auth_strategy .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the actual path of a path .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches the search for an manual by name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  loads an enforcer file and parse its rules data and returns a arma .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects spec .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of the interfaces and their interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user has a particular resource .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a power power of an alignment .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  url-encode the given version number based on the latest version .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen fullscreen status on current axis .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  retrieve session routes for given targets .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  writes a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  return the gaussian gaussian distribution assumes x is 1d with the "principal" gaussian distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference operator .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  returns the cases of the featured feed to predict .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a list with sets of size in two sequences .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  compute the  process along the quadratic j .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  given a string and a list of string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  for classes that was unicode to bytes .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  build a string with a given length .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  checks if the current dhcp options matches the specified vpc by id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers into database .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend for the given backend cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function which return the function in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a pylint configuration file .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call a function with a given arguments .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  helper function to update the current process autoscaler .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  timestamp from a worker to the worker .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of message client authenticated with a given message .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  return a list of the names of the given user from the gpg .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of for the figure that have been set .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  produce leading space count from line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  returns the hash for a given object .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user and redirects to home page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  for interactive hardware .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically creates a list of dictionaries for the options .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a regular expression object containing images in the file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls create_object generic worker factory function from a queue .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a hostname to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a push .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  check if a forum has forum access for a forum .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return the current os .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create backup file for a given file descriptor .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  translates a sequence of lists to *seq* in introspection_details .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception wrapper works as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  processes the directory and main script that should be called by the script .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to the provided url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  push a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  shortcut to pull the mac directories that should be included at the given path .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all certificates belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns the incoming rate of the rate at given purchase .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the rendering function function and returns a tuple of .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the avatar avatar for a given user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if a command is idle .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  like providers[provider_name] .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this function is called to create a higher-order that will run a separate as an application and setup it .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  returns the pid for prior radvd instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  calculate contrast indices between a set of points .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to the vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  create a single sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check the root absolute mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  disable all log levels of the logging on the log .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  sets a value to allow you want to override a terminal .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone filter and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more configuration lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  this function is a question obj to build a json object from json .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves order order order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a dict of rules rules for a complete header .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  was lint toctree between nodes and sub .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate single tunnel config .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  this is a backwards set the network ips to be removed for [ip .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  check that the current document is set correctly .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable the use of the given context .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  returns the virt type for the row .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given password is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns date from a datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return a new decorator for testing .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  registers a recent due to the given tile .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  retrieve the signature from the mnist data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  get the path of the directory that should be placed to the location of the file/directory .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a generator that matches a given sequence of items .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a list of random paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the object has a permission to be clean for the given request .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  wrap a cache so that it is not in the cache .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the common divisor of two sets of strings; .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  return the lowest mean of the given vector .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  helper function to consume topics from a list of topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the command output with verbosity names load a feature .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  dummy view for extensions .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  create a dict of sequences of a linter file .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  that the decorated function is not available .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the default sentence of a sample .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory where file has a given dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads members from error to uniquify the proper ordereddict .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine whether a user is allowed to filter a products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  set a simple attribute on a class .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  get cart from various cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load an email with a hipchat status message .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  creates a layer from an op .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  return the length of the master to hold a specified string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse sudo http package .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that erfa returns a string .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an object or password list of topologically fields .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  similar to the polynomial of an expression .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a enginefacade manager for the current thread .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  trims the exception frames into one .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a single window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the loops of the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints out text .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the virtualenv .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the latest version of a ports server .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  project management files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  constructs a timestamp for a c{datetime timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  makes logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  returns the liveaction into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs the reactor and return its output .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user is the home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  rest controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk revision reporting .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  retrieve the settings from the application .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores a list of columns from a new separator dict .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  any shell should be set env .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone an object and returns a replacement list .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  field_id : intconstant : .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for the master controller .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a current location in an yyyymmdd or strftime format .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  test that the completion of the function is used to test objective function and return the completion .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a file-like object as a input .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses an iso 8601 date string and returns a utc datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  create a new autocreate link to a file .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create a tuple from axes along the given shape .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove this document that are deleted by the index .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel kernel x parameters x : ndarray .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  this function implements a commit command for the grid .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute the kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  function used for chops running in the true args .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute an surface for a filesystem filesystem .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert a gaussian qute:gpl from the specified on/off and returns the result .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert the given html field to a set of markdown values .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister unregister a usage: operator .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns true if the given interval is a monotonic symlink .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a tuple .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a sequence of command-line arguments .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  when given coordinate 2012 .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  computes the squared density function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  updates an xml element with the given doc name .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates a list of observations that have the same name in the format of the form .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that a datetime specification is small enough to hold .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given column type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch user roles from given username .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline loops from vector3 loops .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  recursively walk a dict of parameter names into a new dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a version string and returns a beaker one .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  closes a screenshot for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds a time struct for an interval .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns the current underlying namespace .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a user object to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates a full url for a file from the given context .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates xkcd information .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load data from a python file into .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does a reverse search in a given list of strings .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the guess the method of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a configuration from the original namespace renewalparams .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory for interacting with the given name .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  helper function to determine whether single method supports an actual key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  evaluate a python expression .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for running a test with the given script .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library by name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test to ensure that the person parameter works as expected .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return code specific to the name of a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the partitions of a disk image .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix the size of a boolean .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the given data with a specified block .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  resolves the full path to a file by the name .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return for a given distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  get all the filenames of a directory .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path from the current operating path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes of the nodes field sets .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart the traffic server and the traffic_server process on all traffic .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  generate a maximum of an image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic file template with the given namespace and calling its callable .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  test if a repository is a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli tokens from the given processor .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  a nice version of :func:textwrap .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  remove any item off of a sequence .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the specified function used for the given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds an atomic atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test for a list of css .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features tags are analogous to tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send a packet at layer 3 in loop and return the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  this function is the output of a block of the command .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns a randomly generated random info .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given host:port and port and port and port .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check the supplied vm against the supplied vm cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the callback as json for the given thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  create a path from the same configuration .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  require the usage with the usage .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random string/key of the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and get the output as a string .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert the supplied config file for a json class .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  display the current migration .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  performs city .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create the block device name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if given stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify webhook certificate private key .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  returns the current connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  return a dataset string .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first two index .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  converts a dict of urls into a pair for each resource in the eselect eselect .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  helper function to fsync copy a file descriptor *fd* .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle invocation; invocation; .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that raises an exception if the url does not have a get .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  create a list of lines of a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  read a document for a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts python string to a mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the minimum radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course blocks for the request .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the given job id .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the thread to which the thread is running .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  take a class of the arguments of a given object .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite composite images using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  deletes a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language for the current request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates a unique identifier for the given domain id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid values .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a tuple of headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the unicode encoding from the xml file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and generate a secret key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the correct field of the current process .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parses a progress html file .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close all connections with the given port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about last version cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance mapping for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return datetimeformat difference between the timestamp of this instance .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  determine if a module has a numpy library .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  change all available state' .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking a function .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a child elements from a list of its children .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the modules modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check the repository for a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  uses vectorized to convert a binary number .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a workflow object initializing a string .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  a decorator to check if the user has a particular addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  if view fails .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a sphinx wrapper for sphinx extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  get the list of power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a cli manager to the given cli .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that a keys that should be ignored .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne in various sampling .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all common interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  send a l{codec .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  generate a course instance for the given course settings .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  returns a makes tarball with hierarchy .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  create two :class:~prompt_toolkit at the given distance between two colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return true if these are two-dimensional .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route 53 public 53 domains .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the dot product of y by shape or x by y when one or both of the files is a lineartransform instance of y and y is a lineartransform
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects the user to n redirect to the approach .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  get the json url for the _creation_order library being used .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the ith point for a fixed covariance matrix .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test that calls the callers connection .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns an absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template and return a uuid .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all providers filter .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test agent .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears an empty search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the value of the request ensuring by name .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a boolean indicating that the given reference is a list of des .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if there are no coaches in the word .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  remove obsolete values from nodes: .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  creates a checker update the db for the deadlock .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico symmetric desired ico .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when all elemwise inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup the sabnzbd switch .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  verify that the parent layer fails .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the wrapped version of the spoofing .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  helper for tensors .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  translate a pandas path to an object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence for the current thread .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  scan the path for a repository or a list of absolute paths .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if pyrax libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  emergency emergency turn a new document into the web page .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  download the websites for a given revision .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items as a list of key_path .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check for course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  builds a number of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the start bridge sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator that skips a test if multiprocessing is run .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  writes the given data to a question .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a given command from a file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  return the type of the ten or return .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  a test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  sets base image properties for given image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  constructs a httpresponse configured to a yaml file .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  fetch the current site with the current site settings .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if apache is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  converts a sysctl command line with a given number of dimensions .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes all contact in the unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the evacuate facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the driver in the database .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining images in the document .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  an attribute version of the class the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns all issues in a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  make the tag for the given yaml file .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns true if and only reverse '}' .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive peer packet using a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  this is called only when the first line is called .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  generates a inception summary of dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  compute the sets of a matrix or set of nodes in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  json-py independent string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a active'] is truereturn .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of latest osf statistics for this midnight .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build the right test environment for subprocess .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  given a dict of dicts .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if the node is used as an saturated decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object from the bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  extract the filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a utc date to a time tuple .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the total seconds in a timedelta object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  regroup -> value return the resulting index of the expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  return a batch that is used to upcast the right float on the right .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must be expected to pass to queryset .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  decorate a method with this decorator to test exceptions that read-only removeslash .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an image .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate the given request .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  get current administrative time .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  computes the squared erfinv function of the standard normal distribution .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure the secret and secret from the appropriate secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  retrieve the template file from the given path .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  this function is called only to verify if the value matches the configuration .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the additional multiplied by a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to make a tag and return the description of a wrapped exception .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the given html file object containing production code .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  replaces scene colour .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the protobuf user formatted string from the given vim .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current worker instance .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates n codec chunks .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  a context manager that returns the common functionality .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  given a action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  generates a new branch for a tree .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine whether the object is a properly formatted relay path .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  given a string .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  this will use the coupon event in the users cart .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  helper to strip some sentence string from a list of string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the scm starts with the main virtualenv package .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups of public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person contact data for a user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  formats the number of times that are more than mse .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a datetime object based on where the job id is in its name .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a given payload type to a form .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the given model by a given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the "mini" version as a json .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate one of the parameters of the specified requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  construct a column column number given a property column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  moves a file thru the canonical .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert text to html format .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object for an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function to computes the default value for printing v .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  return the raw tool shed tool .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  check for warnings header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file yaml: yaml: file from a build parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  display frequency counts .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  return a list of the user names and their name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return the number of saturation strings .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  calculate the number of seconds for a string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register a new probe .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get a 10-dimensional generated by running thread .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  get logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get an empty list of menuitems for this attempts to find the object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a list of the value that are on the provider .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check that the given compatibility is not loaded .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check if several configuration is not loading according to the specified config .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  capture a command to be passed to subprocess .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak method to a callable target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  gets vmdk size for the given image properties .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  prepare the version string to have a space name .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  wrap an array of shapes .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses uses resolving geographic urls for resolving section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and get it .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  this processes the contents of a video .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  delete a random circuit in ultisnips format .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  a toy close to traverses a file .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the dialog from the current device .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  fetch the data from a file on a bool .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the computername as a bytestring or username .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the getipython mortem for ipython .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return the square of the most significant bit of a square matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  get a list of dir and their own directories .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks that a test class is out of the current list .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  the identity hash function for running in a receipt .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a generator that runs the generator execution command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a json representation of the instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get the descending class by the point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse the current profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the checksum of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  return length of utf-8 for debugging .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  returns the median of the given length .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a complete datas of all tests from a test suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  wraps a function or a single input file .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format string for raw quotes .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse stats for any metric statistics .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  returns the average clustering of the bipartite clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text before and after a combined on the first combined .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit data to recaptcha to recaptcha .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  adds a team member to a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute nodes belonging to a fixed ip .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift methods works .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file in the given filename and return its content .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize any line in yaml or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  check : simple_stmt | newline .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  return the current file in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  responds to the default settings as a dict .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  convert an "sin" .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  stream check to see if the retention stream is decrease .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the expression subscript to a node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an application .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the requestors viewpoint from a viewpoint .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a simple model that runs the tests that we want to load a convolutional model and sudo the evaluation of a file with the ctypes dataset-- a few applications
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  translates otu otus file and return results of where the last modified map file is in the filter .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a new test context manager that can be used to create a testing test .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out regexp and regexp names for given regexp path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  decides whether the args are never as a dictionary .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path of the given module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  given a path string and an absolute path .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  make a response with the floored to invert .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the first metric from the command line .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expr_eval -> value return a sympy expression where only the first node evaluation .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the specific request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  it should be called when the name is complete .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the given groupmeans id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute the main entry-point for the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns github github issues url for a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator for functions that return repr errors .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  possible implementation of rating given the given context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a serialization database type for a given url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  give a dictionary of next ids and the optional member .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if 'configureregenerated' .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  calculate the "where" for a string or a unicode string .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the current configuration variables cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file in chunks and writes it to the time: removed .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns whether the given proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format and dump the output to disk .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  helper method to add a new element to the arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert an object to numpy scalar .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  return the right range from code1 to code2-1 {old: .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts symbol into a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  compares two or dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports daily report to be removed .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this script uses script .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  ensure that its possible to allow the token to be based .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  generate a host string as a series of characters .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run the given command in a given subprocess .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create and create a directory .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db needs a store_fs file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single dict by their associated resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert an image to a video image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract a video file from a separate list .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  deletes/withdraws from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the result as network controller controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more model objects .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file like mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate objects related to the provided ip address .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if x is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  return true if the given dimension is true with the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor indicating the same dimension at proposed and l2 data for neighbor .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper function used to create an argument into a list of results .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from a local image and return its filename url as an egg if its a .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function that returns nanrows .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the correct config file of the named kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function will return the shortcut for the git .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake fake cluster versioned versioned cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a revision to the given revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return the data of all of the datadir files .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a transformer xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block and transformer .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test using pip extra args .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path to the full url to the request .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model from the django application .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes naive naive naive datetime .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  annotates a refund enrollment for a given user .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  do not allow attributes to be handled by your app .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if the graph is a set of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations to the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  returns the html of the given list of gaussian .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the set of the tx hash for the given caller hex id then purpose .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a function that looks like the given dict .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  display a commit instructortask instructortask .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if given package id is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call gce brew cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns the rank rank .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license from the specified raid key .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute an indefinite sum of the gosper value for the gosper and g .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  helper function that returns a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  this function installs a monitor to a global function .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the path to the home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the module in a given object .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper to make a cidx function with the given arguments .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  when a matplotlib file has a matplotlib link .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a dict with replacement from a population header .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  creates the sitemap for the sitemap if its new sqs is true .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the number of seconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  return help command for a command .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius to a mobius interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to use a function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  recursively ensure that all distributions with a given path .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static existing lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  requests specific dictionary list listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  calculate theano logp with given hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a link or a getrss .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  task wrapped by enumerating the os-dependent method .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return full pathname of an eve/flask module containing the full path of the given app_label .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade of the specified module as deprecated .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of dict of vms names for all vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  make that the code is raised when the tests that we want to stderr a standard stdout .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  return the root directory based on the configuration .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  solve a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  a testcase automatically after downloading its wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns a boolean if it is equal to the items in a and b .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  given a list .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  compute the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a username .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all data structure fields from the input forward by fast id .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  return the architecture of the architecture that the machine .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and returns the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns whether the super powers is installed .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  create two worker worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a new document .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  like the file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  given a database name and a new column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run a string in a format .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  factory for test .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin offset .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  create discovery docs .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  write to the proxy file .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  calculate the version number of the window .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a version-2 generated random unicode characters .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the path without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure that a and docbody is created .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the list of the configured fs keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the revision of a modified page from the device .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns the value of any flags in the given context .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a new cloud storage object .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  convert from twos complement of a sound to rgb .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  deprecated method for the current thread .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an access role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key for the given key for the specified key and value .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a string representation of a phone number .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names into a namedtuple .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick the installer plugin config .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  construct an entry from a given dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective parameter from the service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  this method provides a kwarg if the given string as a 64-bit exception .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  retrieve a locale from a specific locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create an array with config .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  ensure that the function is run in a minion .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if the matches the notation option .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value to the given type .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  returns the string containing validation results for validation validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line and return a dict .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  given a dictionary of ndependents .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator that returns the source file for a source file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a new collection class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recursively replace units with option_together .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  selects last onscroll .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default status_id works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a message to a description of a given application .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save denominators for given save save test to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  compute descendants of nodes in source to all nodes in source .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  prints the results for a given row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  tell the logging of the given error message .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data with a different hash .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that the command output contains the given command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  this is intended to be used in the views .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a postfix smtpd log of interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  this function is designed to be associated with a resources .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check if the provided key is a string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5 hash of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  assert text in asint be used as xml .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this will set the media with the given params .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a variable to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parses an http date format .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  convert integer as a 32-bit integer or return an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a psget state of a problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check all activities on logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a file from the minion cli example: .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a user from a locale .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  cast the arguments to the controller argument types .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the names of all models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an image object from a list of feature .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  handle epochs axes click .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the line of indentation string by the importance code .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  indentation the indentation of indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in seconds to long .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator function validates that it contains a valid args and duplicate and duplicate .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water sources: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  simple helper function to get the data from the data .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return true if text is made to be a builtin word .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete a asset asset by a restful module .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of all containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get and add the bracket to the equation .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  performs a {key list of characters .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find all the nodes that corresponds to the given query .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  recursively remove all files of a path .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  returns a dict of equivalences -> dict .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  blend palette from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of all modules listed in the list of modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a helper function that will return a list of containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  given a mean of .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the attribute attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  this function is used to make a new figure .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  get all the exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a pair between source and destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  return a new crop of the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update the timeline for this document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a genes file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all the system plugins for a given system group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn form field .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of filter filters which apply project calls .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  determine if the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  multivariate crossover on a multivariate gaussian distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve a quota usage or create a per-user usage .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator for functions that use a callable .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a request to parse and return a dict with appropriate parameters .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using changing the lxc username .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute the polar matrices as a matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the port mapper in the given device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install flocker package on a package .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  rational polynomial of the rational .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values is less than or equal to the length - useful for lists .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  this function is called from scheduler .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a given jacket from a target container name .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the unicode string is a first html bytes of bytes .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display information about the repositories from the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as belonging to a specific student .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a requests .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the eip returned by the english header is well .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  generic decorator to loop mode .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform a category/package that emits an image tensor so that it can be used as a new container .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a string representation of a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a given ipmi .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  compute the mckean-schrader for a given axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  list all instances from entire catalog cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a parsed addon representing the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  create a symbolic link to a file this is a user the path to the package cli example: .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  registered detail for the recalculate_subsection_grade return value .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dimension a gcode file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  concatenate a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct a hydratedtarget .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  return the running osf of the named package cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova function to the beginning of a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a new command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the commits notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the connection .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a single string and returns a a a tuple of xy indices .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns the list of states states that is available .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator for memoizing methods that happen .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the currently active locale as a tzinfo instance .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  create a testcase with severity targets .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  create a format string for printing the given type type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow testing to ccx information about a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  ensure images in same format as the summary specification .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  dispatch a new communication .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  return the regular expression pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  crawl() all sequences in the removal .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the query to see if the query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager that temporarily sets a given language for temporarily .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show a question; message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format the current output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a tuple of result of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse an engine search term .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  create the current target for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  punkt the location of registration_code_length .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  moves items matching the given query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  helper function to return a list of matching glob .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the subj class for a specific certificate name .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  helper method for xmpp that were loaded .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  factory function for making sure the threads do not use the threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  test the a resource for a resource uri as the matching of the servers .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is testing in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  run a single function on a python source .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copies a file to the bucket and removes it from the given bucket path .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a wtforms query for a given query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a top level node .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list currently registered volumes .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the description of the first match :return: string: the computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a selectors property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print current style authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  creates a call to the api .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  check if a pid is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  calls a function to retry and suppress a single delay .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if any registered exit calls last in reverse order .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  calculate the pairwise distance between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable signal that was deleted during a user .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list containing the entries in the pattern .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build a new path from a stream .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a tuple of the form for the given request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  returns the given elementtree element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  return a data shed path for a wsgi tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  joins the given html string into a url .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  place a task has customized custom task .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the html returned by the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve iscsi command from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  return an iterable of command-line arguments for the sys .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this is a wrapper around inputs .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt a key using the appropriate padded key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  orderedproduct view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if this issue is available for debugging .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper for common parse .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  copy all keys found in dictionary to str type .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the correct mode that should be used .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get grains from the datastore .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the pointed string .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a general plot of a given vector parameters x : a defined plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user has add rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string identifying the entire style type for a given type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples as a samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  l2 cross crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module from a filesystem .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template from a series of css .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the given word to a destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests that the api endpoint is initialized by the environment .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined but intended to sleep for the given sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in an image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  pass in grains from the grains and return the dict of grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  make a class that replaces all the methods of a class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this function returns an active keys in the list of values .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  get the reference to the given object in the host .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but with a single start in the modules .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref for consumption outside of instructortask .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete the text from the cursor to the current cursor .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  a decorator for functions that automatically add a wsgi application to a function .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  ensure that the utility has no rss limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for a given object from the given .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the contribution of the string node in a swagger file .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses images in a training .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html html plugin allows you to be published on another user .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute a simple function to stdout .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for a nick .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add an existing system .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  take a javascript string and return a python list of javascript names .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  migrate the database to the latest version or the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a 64-bit integer tuple to a long integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  returns the uri on the msg .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  lists all filepaths available .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return list of posts .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively detect a table from a file-like object .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  get a languages name from the locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get the fill loops which include most of the points .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the given html file .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify that new-style class raises an exception if its not already in the old-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the minion data from the target .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  reorient filter parameters reorient : ndarray the expression to use the affine process .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command and returns its output .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return true if expr is in the expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration object from the config object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  computes the list of have changed subnets .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a slice of slicestruct slicestruct .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the logging callback for logging by inserting a log file .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return the tag name matching a group name .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the sites of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  given a path to a list of files .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  return true if certificate is a san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the status for a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parses a single blast tags from a string of binary text .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms ids cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  defines a sql query string for use in a <script> headers .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes keychain_items or unnecessary hosts from the given collection and an optional list of hosts or hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get inheritance for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments from a file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name and the first argument .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  iterator over the possible .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  returns an image to be converted to a last x_i .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  this view provides an ssh that can be used for actions .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  returns the edxnotes client object .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that integers removes valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a string for matching minion .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the residual and tpope/vim-capslock .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return an http response from a http header string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  exception and restore the given exception type to operate in a specific assertion .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates a file dialog for a given directory .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an argument in a given parse .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  return the normal pdf evaluated at x and the passed in the binomial .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  returns an appropriate challenge for a challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines the first processors processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the default value for a environment: based on windows path path to identify the default value for a container .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure a pagerduty resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email to inform observers about template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a mask which is not greater than or equal to the given ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get all line quotation characters .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  a compatibility function for scheduler .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  for working files .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a string which is not too long and matches the field prefix .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  factory function that returns a test laymanapi and load the configuration file .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the optimizer and sequence of name as a sequence of pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  version of urllib .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson double to python source space .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check that the user has ckan away with the given request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logout method .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  [--yes] absolute path .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a file or directory name to an absolute path .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from diff of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve parsed roles are assigned to a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  ctr an ols cdf based on the mean of the new ndarray .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the load and run the image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns the url of the url in the given url .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  given an api call to the throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  this method will add a command for the given command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  provides rbac if we are running on a solaris like system .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new absolute request for the given view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the primitive primitive .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete a group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a user or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  helper function for the dir and store the files in a list of files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the module if it already exists .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a list of all roles with a given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  returns a list of releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return btrfs version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary without shipping method step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary is redirected to summary - relevant .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the boundaries in a boundaries .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a new fastq file and combines it to .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  subscribe the user in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a which is the node w .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the s_one_set environment variable .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a dictionary of the entire translation locales list of the language to import .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns true if given value is a default .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  given a module path .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  create a single indented .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the list of compute polynomial of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the information from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure the default and fnupickle functions correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content for the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  expr_eval -> series like a series of range of the range have a l{tensor .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  loads parameters from file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  a decorator for debug function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out of the hour here here range of the first
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides standard python interface .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of all the handlers to our handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  set the liveaction into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  return true if the given user is masquerading as the student for the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return response as an error response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a new user .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  helper for sorting .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all the columns that will be installed .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the channel for a value .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  use this function to check if the coverage is not explicitly present .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command status should be ignored .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  create an image location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see drop output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given dictionary as context .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the service state of the services name the name of the service to restart .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  this view is used to reset the email address of the user .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return the hypergeometric of a sequence of items of items .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  check whether a finder resource is in a given primary .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert the given cluster size into a cluster size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  test either if an fit is raised when the category is unknown .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  return a list of evenly spaced xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns string value consisting only of the supplied statement .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : testlist_multi literal | testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  return the color code of a pdherr .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  generate a file digest for a string .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if one exists .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data decode data decode using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  verify that the given dataset is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts code from a function and returns it .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if a given password matches the hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return true if given value was an option where options was not in the command line or false .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return a formatted live refs object to be used for the rfc 2822 .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to redirect to a salt auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a specific input .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn string or unicode into a list of pairs .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like spellchecker .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return current platforms as a tuple .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses to skills controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts a string as a file representing a rendered template .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version as a string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object for the specified file .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an appropriate error code for the qt error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  creates a command line and options with the given name .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  return an iterator over variation .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a signature-matching decorator factory .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this takes a list of dictionaries and joins it to a list .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative color tuple to color tuple .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a human-readable string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  take a us format in epoch format and return epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string using characters from the set a .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert string argument to bool internal boolean value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a source file to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc from a fiff file at a given fiff file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the current version of the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile everything .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the named master data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  just create a directory .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view and lets the user can have a project as deleted on .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the given event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns the name of a field field for the field label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  return the minimal minimal functions .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  attempt to copy the given file descriptor to one .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  returns the first set of the given bucket .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  true if the given service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns true if all the dict[key] have a method in a dictionary .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  finds the log of a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  the entry point for a specific path or words .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the number of 0else for use in a string .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess that is the most common numeral .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present to python int .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  preprocesses evaluation image flow to evaluation .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger a trigger events .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create an ssh tar with the given id and client .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  this remove a mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize the module with the specified options .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the encoding is found .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a expanded polynomial .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns a random string that is used for storing consumption url .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split module name .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns the first tokens associated with token .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  quick test of mininet and bokeh support .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  return a hex string for the given printing .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple list of strings .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the specified service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decorator to add a default object to each object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return root of the image stored in a stored directory .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games for the given interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the number of the user-agent based on the passed version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  prints out the given clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import an area under the shared curve if it is a valid curve object .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create and return a numpy array of .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate the axes of a symmetric structuring sections and return a normal exception if the get parameter is a string .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read markup from the numa maps from the given contents file .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test program .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city structproxy data for a city version .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  the sequence of cv coefficients .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry in the cache for the given cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know know know .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to build an http connection string .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of stored keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function will return the cluster for the cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information about a second_dict parameter cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a == b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  apply unpacked wrapper for source to the tag .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  gzip the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost is absent name of the user to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  calculate the cubic spline for a given degrees .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all the specified requests found in the request .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  this returns a list of physical type that can be used for the requested unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a record for domain of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  get all decode binhexed file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a carrier number for the keys in the carrier lifecycle .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts two strings into a string with the same strings .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  initialize the given addons for the given settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  generate the list of tuples from the given message .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is an prepended thrift error .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of a simple way .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if a new github is in a response .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  take a string as an arrow .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if empty starts with an empty strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  format an object as a string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the contents of the icon service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieve all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  finds the weighted weighted mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the indices of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declarator : init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text string with a positive color tuple .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree by the given function .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method instanticates an invalid representation of a given error code .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a nice version of enter .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  create a mongodb database for a given database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes it sort smaller than anything it is .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  traversal -> traversal .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all the registered networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a copy of the jinja library .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure that a resource is created .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  generate some cleaning at layer 2 .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test checking sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  verify the message exists .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference string for the given reference currently a domain of the provided reference .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the treewidth of g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  returns a string with the bank and writes it to the command line .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse the url url for a dict .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format a file from the node settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of lists of the given instructortask diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  list running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create custom language by the main .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to cause a method to be profiled .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the given node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  given a list of label .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  return a first available module in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure the data for a container .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if the user has column .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url to frappe official .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  position to another response .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release manylinux .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  calculate a sample of points to relevant epsilon distribution .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  validate a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this gives the channel for a topic channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the edx .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is called from the documentation directory and add it to the metadata on net::statemeetsrule() .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  a wrapper around pythons urllib .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  return the bottom of x by w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  tests that normal match the primitives approximation to match that it is called with the auditors read_utf8() .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  given a stream of bytes or text as a generator .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new server queue .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the graphite service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are wrong at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder case case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  retrieve the authorized client for the aws credentials .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top rated rated according to the exploration and the exploration .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #1150: works .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  normalized normalized mean .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores a file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load what the specified flask application .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  factory function for making sure the threads do not use the same warnings .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  extract the common file names for each object in a dictionary .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named tuple and returns a tuple of .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns a oauth sequential for any of: grades that tries to the given open class for the given course .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test the environment for the compilation specific compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  return image as a multivariate iterator .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders a wsgi response for testing .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  knowledge category view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the vm to apply a vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  create and connect a l{iopump} .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits a datastore path into .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> int return a copy of the string s with the given the given the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge object .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  convert all valid tuples into a dictionary .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for a reverse .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  display the given repository from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display the login form .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  compute the representation of xs and ps for a set of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  4-tuple hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum between consecutive and the results .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called from all kippt .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a string and returns a copy of it .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode prefix .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  quick utility method to transform a list of user arguments to transform raw errors .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may be matching the given html rule .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace one or more iterables .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  fetch a ~astropy .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  computes standard error of two points based on the test implementation of the array of the rat of the input array of the l**p samples .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  a view that uses a bunch of certificates for each entry in a nice format .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns the manifest to generate the tar tar file .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable a specific site from the site if not enabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the craft preferences .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  used by the values of a users key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure that the links is actually from the document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return the absolute value of the uri value .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the version string .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type correctly allows you to override a type with a new value .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility method to submit a step to the request .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new bookmark for the given action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method theres the called by prepared all the given job id to initialize the raw format .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also be called via rpc .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if any url has visibility access for given test .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer is yes .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  assert that the rule matches the given rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verify that the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test case .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string representing the given template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  return a filename .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return whether the user is logged in .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  get a list of available families .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  start the virtual server to use .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd reason .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test that ipython fails .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for marking the function on a specific tip .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  reduce the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  split a path in a platform-neutral .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check the dictionary of branches for being called .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks to see if the user has attained a complete exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout in milliseconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  make a unicode-safe for use to return a valid string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  compute the ''pad ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  dictionary-to-object-translation cannot parse code and builds simple code and into .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key for cache storage object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check whether the directory unify has the same .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function apply an empty array to a fixed type .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  tries to determine whether functions starts with a given strand .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  valid the given tax_percentage .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  calls daemontools .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid error message .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if the given lists have any of the elements in seq2: .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method of the form u_2 .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to which a vlan is either vlan_name or locator locator .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of a "s" tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the given plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  compute an inner using a steady structure .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a strong tag and return a tuple of the etags .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load the file that was dumped to equal to .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a reactor .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read url and return content as a text string .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  produce a celery contenttype application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the directory .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  make sure that signature is used to fail a signature attribute .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the validity of a network field .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the 1-norm of a complex cosine cosine response .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns the viewpoint metadata dictionary for a dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  deletes a container container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a songs for the song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with pairs of .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return the current cursor for a db .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when all elemwise inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  process the stored minion information and set it to act in the minion to avoid it .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns an instance of the featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  enables the requested stub and only returns the value of a function and only .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  format a file as appropriate for use in the bucket .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  test reading a unbounded table with unbounded header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  shortcut for install_openblas .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline for a newline in the local source file .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a string version of string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return selected bad normal cumulative distribution function for x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  for backward compatibility; graphs .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks whether a cert generation is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  wrapper around query that allows us to be used with one or more the execution of the salt .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the negative table for the given endianness .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  imports the message storage class described by import_path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users on the minion cli example: .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the value of the reconstruct root of the script .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  decode url-encoded strings .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns the number of courses courses for the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store configuration value according to the configuration options .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  makes a devices .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the given app has signed .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme with the given url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  tests whether a string is a float with a number of tokens .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the value of the first field matching the field n .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the number of args and element to the segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex bytes .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  check for a refcounts runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  run a requests check against an event .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  return a simple ndarray that matches with elements of the given dim .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  method and returns a module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for a string of two lines .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the user name for the current request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a flask-security configuration value .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a llvm llvm double b .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns only .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert an array of columns to a 1d array with the data .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  true if the named service is actually missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  updates the average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the exercise2 vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions for this module .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  return rate links to display for given collection .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track the yaml service events .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the given token from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the bfs edges in breadth-first-search from a source node .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function returns the distance on its heap .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  whether or not the value is a string argument .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if the token is a token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  the first element in a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  begin begin with default values .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into a multinomial form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if specified port is suitable for use as a number .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  returns a url that specifies the given url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator for classes that need to be hashed or a secret secret in an object .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of a given qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  retrieve the encoding encoding of the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the nth standard deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  see pull request .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the flags declared in this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value of the nearest marquee marquee .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the user from a group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph list of la[0] .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  create a new interacting with sudo .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  this function is installed to get the path of an externally module .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a string as a number of bytes .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  helper to catch and returns a pyramid .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an aggregated connection for the given country .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  return a url avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return a set of unique status for a bokeh .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test sub-attributes registered node .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture for test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a transfer object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  execute the grains from the normal grain .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file system path to a filesystem path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial f to a gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns an instance of the list table .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  calls the version of the connection .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it is suitable for use within a response .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first expression in expr in expr of expr .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  decorates a function by /locks it to another queue .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  collocation and convert moments to method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  return the network cidr that are non-zero on this pattern .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  compare two strings .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rest controller for kits .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes all es source files from the list of "1" .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  3: 3: < 3 .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq module is a zmq curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if there is a public files or return a list of files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user from a username .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  public interface for the current contributors table .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  deprecated control function .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a function to be invoked into a new function .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get a datetime object for the given somecustomparsername .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes an existing pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic derivative function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return the color within a set of x and y .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python version string command line feeds .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check the meg type of type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to parse the given stream .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an expression by its flocker element from the list .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  returns the exploration for memcache and version .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  called by the javascript .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  turn an iterable of numbers into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error command line of the given namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  safely print the *l1* with the given key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test idmapper hashing .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  take a list of infiles and return a list of infiles for each line .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  delete a mount target for a given apiid .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  change all groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  module function that parses the given addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a web request .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  compute the image of a binary image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon with acqparserfif derived from media .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to execute a function from a postgres server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two results of a single dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql collation for column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return whether the element contains the specified text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds validation and save validation certs .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy for policy prior to the policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  mock configured backend for backend .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the symmetric bytes from a binary file .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the unicode level hex string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for calls to be used .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given gcs url .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  if request fails .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string to rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories repositories from the api .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a view decorator that ensures that a project is assigned to the project with views should be displayed as part of a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions for the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  do the review class .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  display information about the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  adds a batch with a new variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read the preprocessed mapping file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks if the given response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  given some style models .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  raises lwtexception if namespace or looks like the given namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from mako template .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test x labels are equal .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  enable or disable cancelled .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps from all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  helper function that creates a django account by the name matching the first name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string for use in a given document .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return dictionary with appropriate xml placed to a message .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  make sure an 822 dont make sure the user can get a message .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  get the default feedback url for the given url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  for a pseudo module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test subjectselector helper .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads an image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care in handling the repo_info_tuple as new tool shed .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  debugging debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirects to a user .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  return a local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  takes a set of image and returns the appropriate size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  lists all the members of a list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape and do the inverse of dictionary .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a specific site in the given value .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  create a client object from a keystone session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns an iterable of path .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  returns the next item from the array .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  remove an array and a string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a slugify name for the given object .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  generate a listening_ports format for use as a sequence .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will retry errors .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set of choices into key/value pairs .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual dvs associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of digits of a given string .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of tuples within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  retrieve a dict from the given format .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  fetches the feedback form for a given request and stores it in the users response .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  calculate a set of tuples for a bunch of ranges: .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the identity pool pool name for the given pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns a string indicating a rounded to the number of decimal .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator that expect a bug that automatically image images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  given a flavor image meta .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  delete an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  returns a package installed by name .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  return a generator that will be called with the given values .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert the ground pdf to png .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate the second kind of a circle circle with y .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this utility function is an semantic that encapsulates a contents .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create and write a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points inside the begin segments .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  returns a new :class:target object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  make a module out of the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the current linux system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return a time corresponding to the given cpu packet .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a canonicalized .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor sitemonitor .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove the data for the given release .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  converts any rationally sequences to a plain query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource headers for guided .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  regression test for subtle .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a single ip address and returns the blaze tree .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  creates an executable in the current revision .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  return a list of version of poudriere cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module given its path and a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a single field type for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get the vlan id for a vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  given the index .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  upload file from a given filename to the file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check for endpoints of the module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return the estimated estimated .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a person object for a person tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  convert a host using the selected host to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  returns the team of a game stats .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  given a series of the hex digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  finds all the given multi type in a dataset .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the current audio output device identifier for a given device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  return a rotation function that returns a rotation of ones ones .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  abs(z) := .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  returns the search rank of a given ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list from the given string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  install command as it associated with a new repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : exclusive_or_expression .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be used to disable paramiko to the channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  returns the number of strings that happen in the given location .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper for retrying .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  this will add a string of the parsing post .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a zipline container spec .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return dict describing an iterator over the keys as a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a set of all rmdir attributes .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape any object in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the value of the element to the given values .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get the sum of messages for this user .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  verify that the fqdn is a fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get the name of a sysctl with the respective name .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement for a replacement number of size k .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  get a very-likely-unique date extension for a student on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a new default linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without a file .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for dig files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the argument type by a given view_types .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  drop-in multiply function .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a file-back publicly were quite quite also have a new converter .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a new message banner with the given message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  clear a block of indices t and y .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a new vm with the given name .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  takes a transform .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  return the sample size of n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable a named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return whether a user is related to access for related bookmark .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  register a new image at the given exporters[exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify that a string using the existence of a succeed pattern is required .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert the signal handler exactly what signals are raised .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a conda event .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  return whether this node matches the given special p2 .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a peak object that has visibility colors .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal average of the difference between the two points .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return true if the given date should be parsing .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a decorator that implements attribute easier .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a pb result benchmark .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a soundcloud vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return a list of active conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a manager for a given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  regular-expression through the files are identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert obj to a python object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset where the iterable is the two .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  load named extension from the given dict .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to querying the data for a file .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the linter .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a mime-type .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a data from a file-like object .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar email for the gravatar email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the current challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator that synchronizes a method with a mutex lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  this returns html to the appropriate html page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  run all previous .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute a matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  return the plugin registration .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  computes the abs of *a* .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is a method of the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  helper function to normalize all the paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates a setting of a setting where the tool is included in the tool state .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value of the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  generate a test case with pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return kinds for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  retrieve the smtp connection list for a given list of wmi .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  create a random string of length whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  this is the first available services to arrange given the output of the prio to display a list of the latest services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a path .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  anybut(s) is an re which matches any character which is not in the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for use as a filesystem path .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the provied trigger used inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete file descriptor .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  reads a list of dictionaries .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  user list page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copies the given archive to the root archive .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of all working workflows supported on ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book contents to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  given a path string .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a new document of nbits and return a new ctr class .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls for an external urls .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using a wheel as a install install .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create or return a unique sharejs key from a dictionary .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs signature against a given request algorithm .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the target url of the target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create and initialize a temporary file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  helper function for rank-1 .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator to create a list of role names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all networks by instance id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a string for use in the requests spec .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check whether we can resize contained in a timing images .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the available port sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  returns a search digest for a given search .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  check if a port is configured and updates it .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a given value to a unit number .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a 32-bit matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  return the data for the file as a tuple .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  creates the token url for a url and a {'x- .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  start a preview over posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and returns all the values in a dictionary .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  retrieve the column name from a column column in the database .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse the multiplier to a multiplier multiplier object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a tuple of the datadir cache that requires the download cache .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url by url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  permanently delete a blob from the given blob .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a configuration object for the configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the entire registration from a file .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the total clustering of the difference between the clustering sets .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  perform 2d case of the see code .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  returns the class takes a class name and a class name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  builds a repartition solution according to the locale .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding a binary string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a view that connects connects to the login for the login .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a message to the given sending to the tag .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  check that we have a latex directory and when using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns the sphere of the given array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a directed boundary .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  tests that the qiime variable with a qiime config file .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test a valid issue residue_reduce() .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check worktree support .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the content from a repository .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get loop note: inside a loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that redirects to user .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  given a text from the text .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the class is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return the gaussian norm of the given file in k[x] .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  convert continuous null hypothesis to mid-steps .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape there with a backslashes .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  create adjacency paths from the shortest paths of a directed graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  asynchronously wrapper for the scan_profile .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  ensures that the given tarball is in the given filesystem path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return the list of schemas of the module names .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the rate tree .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate tests to use in the test filenames .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  create a metadata from instances .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  removes email preferences for the given user_id .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take an iterable of string and splits it into a single list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of constructor from a given runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  computes the shape of a keras tensor or variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for the decorated function .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  returns the results of the classes in the given list .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease from the given ip address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  generate user information .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an ip address to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a milestones-friendly .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a test free directory for a test .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure enough that produces a path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a symlink .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns the path to the caffe files using the root directory .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  formats size in given unit: gb .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current doc doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the normal loglikelihood for the normal loglikelihood .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  return a functionloader .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string if it is negative .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return the list of pids of the process of the given pid .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  return a string of bytes read from a list of string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets status view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the data in a level file .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of tuples for the queue that includes models for the given model .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the python version .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  build the utm points for a given latlon zone .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if the request is a whitelist whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  create and return a template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy device .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  predict float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load if the mysql module is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the windows time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  lc_messages an html file either a text or a filename .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the vms .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  apply a schema .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shuts down the minion .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for an input filename matches the same date as the regex .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the filename is required .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  computes the rate of the sympy/numpy/scipy that preserves the total number of the preference .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  moves an existing widget to the primary widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale the image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  return : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top level of recommendations .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  for each field in the inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  writes a library to standard log or log .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete a repository .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user by name .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a postgresql ip address to a rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  wraps a job to kill a jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  determine if the location is in the word given .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write to standard output and return all bytes .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a piece of bytes .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  checking if the pid type is being created .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure valid reserved source code is set .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the unicode string of a given strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack the first archive to the given filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  add volume types to the volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  return the amount of the amount of the resources that will sleep for the given computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares the upstream upstream with its parameters fitresult : array_like .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display the standard room .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  compute norm of the matrix .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  convert the value into the appropriate option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options for switch based on switch .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy boolean array to a bool array of range bits .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  gets the current user current user if the dev service .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a vm .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  run the given command .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  given the input string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  create a mount access to the location in the location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  this method returns the thumbnail if no image is given .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  for an post description from a given doc .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the expression matching the db .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string s .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the number of scalars from lexicographic .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost set .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  uploads sample sample data from the file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform binary array .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the given number of value to the beginning of the value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a new socket object for use in configuring socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  import modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the printer computed works .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols correctly .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process where yaml_src is unlikely and process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special characters from a string or names .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student as a course .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  given a post request .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  returns the content as a unicode string from the given path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  translate a sequence of the longest and return a list of the first letter in the order of the given seq .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  helper function to determine if a string is used in a given command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  add parent comments to employees .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return the total number of rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a fif file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this creates a utility that retrieve all the namespaces .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  if conda is installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers a new admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return stats for a distribution assumes the distribution is moments moments .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the video files to post_update .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the default auth .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  return true if the address represents an ipv6 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips out html markup from a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby the given ruby .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates that the given data contains main characters .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment variables for functional mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate a list of samples from the user where the weights values are weights .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get a the sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  show user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert a string of cached thread to a matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  evaluate the value using the regexp function .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  make a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  recursively generate a template parameter root dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry configure dry to users .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform the dataset to build content or installed jail .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces whitespace characters with a single space .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure tuples get printable for iterable .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  computes the hyperbolic of input data .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of the query tuples .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate a cookie anytype .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  replace warning with given name .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  nicer wrapper for the sys .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  returns the object for the given attribute .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get hostname from show cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  if an user has a url to be constructed .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that the object in the specified format using the specified type .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  produces a unit from its approximate approximate dim dimensions .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  sort a tree into a list of dictionaries representing the minimum node that apply the tree to the tree "a" .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to ordered the categories for a given database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in html .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return a list of all the data to be used for the carbon .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all users that need to be followed by a users user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtual <version>} cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj into a hash for debug .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository type to guess an option types .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parses a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  return the host of the stub for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new secgroup cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to retrieve all report in csp policies specified into a http response through csp policies .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a long to the native tuple as the cumulants .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to return all matplotlib of a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a new bit of n suitable for use with the given power .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  function to pad a heap and b .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a date object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of a sympy expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  simple html handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a map of legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  generate the cli manager that will convert all the colors of the given cli example: .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a function that publicly html forms into a slightly .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds the vpc tags in a vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from the given message storage .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  ensure that the parameter in scale are wcs .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a single figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the payload results for this deployment .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  benchmark a iterable of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  deletes the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  shows text using a default pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all registered partitioned for the given table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true if a file in false .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check the such that no such as html .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a complete models for interacting with the given model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with at the given uint8 .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list role on this minion cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  get the javascript code for the given url .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the base negative corrmat + the corrmat distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  return a list of file names that indicate that the file is stored .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  a decorator that maps a class to its "name" class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a button .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this returns a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a pull request object from the github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content with salt .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  gated the metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the priority of the extension .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the volume from the proxied device .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return a sorted list of sorted first loaded on the factorization of the joined ties .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  wrapper around unusable .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the compiler function at the given url .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  sends the given notification with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  list the configuration files from the poudriere file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a task to the context .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the appropriate class/method object .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  determine whether a set of invalid values are invalid .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  checks whether two arrays are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  requests a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to a multinomial form .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  search the display path for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this is a debug function for simulating a text/html to get c values for .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  execute the command and run it .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns the energy of the current python implementation .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  this method uses the default editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  returns the default bucket for the given bucket name .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the list field found in the list .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction function .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  debug log and stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute the expression of epochs w/ epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a list of random bits with p bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the given secret dict .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  provides the number of results used by a process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  new comment form .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an iri number that may include a number of literals to a string .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema on the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  colorizes the application .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  try to retrieve a 301 for the edges of an expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model fails with explicit concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set key keys in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image url based on image name .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  usage: lx playlists .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis connection .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  take a list of tuples .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a list of considered configuration for the login .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  build the action method running a resource action on a given resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the diffchunkgenerator cache directory .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  replaces the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  create a symbol that may be called multiple fields for parameters mappings : pd .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  unless the output contains the default value and exclude_names .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string obtained by the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a driver graph that contains nested connectivity of g and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make a simple regression test for the given data .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a 410 tuple with a numeric name .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the composite command to use for os x .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper to make a test case .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load and return the plain plain keyfile .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  verify that user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download permissions from a post .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a path looks like it may be found .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return a configparser object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  updates a frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  displays a list of tinymce results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version with this cassandra .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade python packages .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  given an ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  return true if cron user is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom verify the given cookie is compute .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print the contents of a exc text .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  get function name and value from the given sql query .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  format a string or ipv6 color for hex or a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return menu formatted error message for typicalmemoryerror .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure that a specified value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy a file or a directory .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  writes the logs at the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the given headers to the given vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  this script prints the given url in the default viewer application for a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  waits for the login to become login using login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  returns the known_hosts known_hosts for metadata .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  this function fails for bucket access to bucket .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list all files under saltenv .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read reader from the given file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  base64 decodes a base64 string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the file case case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the x21 as vectors .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform f(k) in a fourier series .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the sokal-sneath of a sound .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the attribute of an attribute with a assortativity assortativity .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  accepts a list of placeholder and returns a dict .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  probability density function .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  add expected arguments to the expected argument list .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for a bus or not .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  testing a threading thread to by importable .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the difference between the two theta .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one line parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  does the received case of the does the received cache .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view is called from another view .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that sets the default state to be imported .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes the summary distrib for the particular problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a query class .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  a gui that yields containers exist in a state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return dict of the line that have been modified .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the directory is a valid directory .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  lists all the user statements .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a list of available partition .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans the url to a file .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  one one parameter for each public taxa ids based on data in summaries .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice of a xmlelement .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a specific vi by a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  generate a cartantype coordinate sequence of matplotlib token .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type by flavorid .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  common implementation of a file with a getcfs .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find search by name for the given service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  check a new jinja2 against a file that matches the given result .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  catch any int for a failed int .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the four cli interfaces seed was raised if the gettext fails to do the same way as the unit of the rosenbrock implementation .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  this creates the directory that should be stored .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the given headers to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns a dictionary with items in the given values .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a random non-empty game of the standard dataframe .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return a vlan of the given namespace .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most recent options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check to see if name is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a python object to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the control control directory of the provided segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse the raw keywords to remove a list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  make possible to use package when we dont use the typemap .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that returns a specified decorator .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze the setuptools .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class or class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  returns the task ids in a given task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses a rule to the tree .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  helper to insert a packet of ip address from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return true if *obj* is a wiki method .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a link object .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  sort the sorted list of best items .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset entry point .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  initialize global variables for the demos .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator to skip test the decorated test methods in the decorated test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  provides the http server status .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  directly call a function inside a loader directory .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the current selections selections .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  return the cache subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generic continues function .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load language from language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  thrusting pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  ensure a cycling / set .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  decorator to write the localization metric to a file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the hardware address for the given plist .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get llvm borrowing .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the string signature of a v2 v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  returns a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take an object types and return it .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a command with severity globals .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for netscape .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates the list of available tenants quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the files of a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the user class of the named package(s) .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if self is not none .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function for producing and :data:string .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get an (like on a string representing a eileen object .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the newest to the ifttt var .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check whether translation was passed to the log file .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  display a block device with a specific address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  the meta objects in the given module .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  computes decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  create a new :class: .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  concatenate enzyme file .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  efficient the data in a forward filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  if any of the duration are read .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the squared minima of a dense tensor .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create a admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list items from a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a file size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to install a volume group .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  handle the pickle of the current process .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this method is called to manipulate the authorize api running in a simple collection .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  return symbols as a default value .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the information for a service via s6 cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the complex regression for the given guid .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  combine two dictionaries .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve course cohorts query for the given course type and set cohorts .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  computes the permutations of the permutations of a sound normal image .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use only .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds a list of media objects to a given resource .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper using 2822 stc .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test that a .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the string using the jpeg standard output .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string multiple command line and splits it in a list .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  does necessary setup .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  write message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create and initialize the root directory .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  combines two entries of a single channel entries into a list of size size .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a namespace name and a namespace name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  create a unique file name that does not already exist in any file .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  return a pair for a topomap .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get harmonic path from the manipulationfunction .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron command is absent for the specified user; only the name is absent with cmd the specified user to remove from the user path to the
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get a headerkeydict class from a document_pb or a dataframe parameters frame : frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  yaml: warn about the iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  get the list of float details as a dict .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  a helper method to parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the path to the directory of the profiler script .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  provides a function that returns a boolean .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a set or set of john to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  returns the suggestions to use for the current user .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return path to the absolute path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a interfaces to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task as complete .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  automatically creates the entire plugin .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of the values in an iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write entities to csv tweets .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  asynchronously run a range of allocate .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write the current checkpoint directory .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return list of strings that indicate every possible of the given iterators .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a collapsing value from the given size and l2 .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for an aws service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return all volumes in a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test lashed algorithm .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree as the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  retrieve a list of resources for all the resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test social field ordering is tokenized and plugin links .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  wrap api calls with arguments and logging .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests a creation method .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute the labels between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys in json .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create or create a volume cache entry in the db .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  alert cached expression is a runtime_config: function that uses it to copy a alert .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving a given local file .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a m parameter for a and b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a command and returns its output .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  see a list of lists .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns real submissions of given source file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  compare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a whether a snapshots that describes describes an hmac .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  register an entry to the cache entry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a tensor at a given axis .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  return a copy of the string s with all keys removed .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the actual url for the ajax page .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  utility function to convert a dictionary of potentially information to an expression of a sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  delete an item from database .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam sample table normalization by specified zip file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  parses the function plugin plugin logger .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the subnet name for a given port .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an error is raised when the specificity score is unknown .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge stochastic implementation .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  this is only used in a common to compute the common identical configuration common .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes the wsgi intercept for the given host and port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator for require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  testing the length of the selected variable .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the quotas and install command .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validate the value of a given option .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  return a /var/lib/lxc if it is a valid away from a filesystem .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video scaling .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache the runtime translation projects pointing to .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the matching patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  safely decode a string preferred function .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test activate a shell scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a single text with a pyglet .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  return a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate sphinx version for logging .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  call rebuild_node with attached attached .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  computes the negative mean of a given vector .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a dictionary with the modal position in a given version .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the file or directory for a directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure global option is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  validate a oslo_messaging location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  return the string - maps to their respective indices .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  computes the kinetic mean of the given energy .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that will login to a given app .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  section a section for a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  returns true if *obj* is a string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method updates a new data from the data output and its **kwargs output .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve a list of user info .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of a remote object .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top linear form for identical interpolation .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  parses a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  returns the top data for the top command .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run a command on reinitialize .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  get the default wrapper for this system .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given the extension .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the given subsystem .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  wrap a call that will abort the reactor until it returns true .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a worker that uses wrapper_prefix worker to create a worker object .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: list the baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a url for an instance .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  wrap progress_precent progress_precent progress_precent in the db .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  computes the gaussian range of an array of circular which the values lie to be in the range .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check that course is published on to the course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse hankel .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main field of the css cache .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a deeper brightness units to beam .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a reported color for a palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return an icosahedral ico object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect a field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  writes the given plugin to the given restart .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  list available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask from a given value to a mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the position in the alphabet to the given relationship .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a new wsgiapplication with the given name .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an iterable of edns .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the ipv6 address defined in rfc .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to add a function to a test class .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data and turn it into a given directory .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  create a binary file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a graph of the given index from id of g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the number of initial decimal locale for a number of locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split an expression into a list of floats .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a suitable field for use as pmap .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  a placeholder function .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  make the number of characters to use automatic automatic a maximum of digits .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  builds provider location for given system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  return a list of the zip base directories .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops of extra loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of posts .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the lower .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  when diff-quality is run with 'ls' .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run artifactory .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a symbolic format for a pandas .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  decorator to skip test if package is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns a short headers for the given key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears caches from the cache .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random cloud instance .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised in the given context .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it while getting eintr errors .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  return a list of all form test modules .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a dotted path path and a class path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns true if the object is constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the function that runs the application .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  tests for #148 .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a two-coloring of the graph g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  load the named nameserver returns a string .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the given tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path of the directory where the script is located .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get a 3 element tuple .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the nearest instances in the small set .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check if a value is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  helper function to choose the correct accordance .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  check if n is a independent of n .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a string representing a python parameter and return a string representing the corresponding amazon python value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title into title and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a binary expression into an expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create a directory and doesnt exist if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of "last" if they are present .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  launch an editor to be performed on a replaceable and tells it to the given action .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list of collections for the given bus .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv files given a valid csv file name .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for qingcloud configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build a desired compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts the value of a token from the description .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  attach a file to the root logger .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level and return it .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  convert a list of key names to a list of key .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads an item from serialization .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check for given package in the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  return an iterable of lock from the lock id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version of the latest non-rc .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fix for numpy .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application identity to a the app identity value .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load a class by given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls callback in a transaction with the given args and kwargs .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  returns stats for project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from gce or changed .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  handles bom .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a value that may be used in a password .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  disables a n325 that is being deleted from the given location .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string of bytes to a number of triples .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  this endpoint updates a post dictionary to the major associations for its __getattr__ .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations is configured .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  set a worker worker to reset worker .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of a list of .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a sql mirror space from a text .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  both arrays are equal up to their range [low .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for a user .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string to a list for use in a list of dotted-notation .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  returns a dict-like object for offset a character offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility keys that are unpublished by an xblocks keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns a list of file names from a given filename .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of information about all the installed beets between the minion and the services cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and backref .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the relative format format that is matched by the bokeh formats .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message storage for the given page name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  extracts the number of questions of the input string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the pid of the process instance .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a jid is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a full description of the vcenter flag for a given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has a unrendered field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  add a new account class to the list of data .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns true if the given value is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  adapted from a multiscope url .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  create a random word string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the info about an object as a list of tuples .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to a url to the provided url parameters that is a scheme .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  perform batch of batches of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  pull out the nth list from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  runs the command and returns its output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part of the url for the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  allow backslashes to be used by a pull request that may contain a relative url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available uname files found under the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test for bug .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return an badly .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source account to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the latitude/longitude of a list of namespaces .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert common column names to sqlite names .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  return ndarray window .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  the linear difference between arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  "no" the given status .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  create a display .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

