test:  returns a suite of reverse of a list of reverse instances .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  returns the probes of the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds the logged locales to the theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a template based on its name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of paths relative to the file path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns an file path for the given filepath .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot of a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute a vcs tool under the specified action .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a entrance exam as a background task to be rescored after the task is not a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this test to change the init config options .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to smartly synchronous or asynchronous logic .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all user quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to format the date format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to tpath file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the nodes in the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group uid and group id for a given user .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  import a python data structure to a method that splits splits an arbitrary one .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  check that a vector is white vector .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given register location .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the matching bits in the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  called when the game is complete .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  updates the given line with fractional source code .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse a service .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a random file url for a path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert a incoming request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  helper function for integer not calculate the number of timeslice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a set of data from an image using split .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  reverse the sequence of continuous-time .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the number of vertical an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  product of two order images with the same order .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a dictionary or list of files or a "long" .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time has an taskset time .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  find the sample in a set of numbers that can be used to get the bootstrap actions from a bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  helper which returns an integration manager module which integer integer currently which is to get the web manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to get config value for a given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a userprofile for the given default group .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  checks if the netaddr is a signature-preserving .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers servers servers servers backend haproxy backend servers haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  import a python source directory and all available files in a given directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of refs and a desired file hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function computes the "where" average on a system .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  user model .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  measure of a random expression between the probability distribution .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from an optimized predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that the integration mode are properly applied to a custom task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get the indent of data .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  unfinished -> list of dictionaries return the result of two keys in d2 .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the key setting and update its value .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  creates a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  module identification function .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  use a single module to get the name and return the single version .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  ensure the class with a namespace name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  runs the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  generates the most common elements in the list of elements whose elements arent at least one or more than one element in the same length .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a random password from the supplied alphabet object .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return the action of a path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a view handler so we can do not generate .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download a file from the current python directory .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global parser object .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a full path which is not installed .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is numerical or not .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  helper to construct a moving average element of enum .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  a simple function to check if the first item is not a valid python item in the list .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a python set state object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating dominating set of the graph g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the ordinal and remove the same objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method will redirect to an navigation url for the course that is associated with the navigation chapter .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable x download cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  extract a list of absolute path and writes the path to the root directory .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  return an munin for the paginator window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  turns a partition from a sequence of integers .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get the interface with the specified name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the list of the given list of complex tuples .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add invalid output to the hadoop path .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a model instance for the given form and base converter .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a belongs folder path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all admin api .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns dictionary of predecessors for predecessors .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads the data from the file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  copies symbol used to nfunc .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns a list of complete paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return service object using tenant type}return .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  adds a new background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the email address for a given user .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  get the kernel to be used for the named vm .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  create legend for legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the length .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file fname .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  converts a variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip off the element from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a matching display for a given index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the current database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  returns the diversity of the diversity at least one front front .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generic function to print the proper error in the environments .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  return true if file is a valid file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  used by default .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate a group title in jumpserver .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  return a dictionary of data that optional output of data .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the instance of all dependencies of a given compiler .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration id is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  convert a timestamp to a string .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports in the given graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical azimuth .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack the data to a a a yaml file .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a bokeh url for a service .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from an editable url .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences of how to compute the /proc/cpuinfo of a binary l .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  read remote packages in /etc/adjtime packages cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  wrap complex generator .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines engines from salt://_states to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  installing str: traceback using pygments .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from a new user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters x : object factory function returns true if x is a type of type factory .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate the coordinate notifications .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert a 1-sized .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes order assignments from the key-value .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap a function without preserving the imported function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get list of hosts directly by host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live adds scm to the live builds plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary button plugin <hipchat+plugin> version to complete .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escapes the given text with [c] pattern .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  display the object of a given register .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  given a value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  searches a list of python code for a list of python words .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes duplicated and raw entities from zdt3 .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns an :obj:ordereddict constructed from the ca uri .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns true if a given arithmetic operator is a arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic line .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  serializes a value to json string .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show and build a show instance .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for function to become system .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  get the javascript urls for each file .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i broken broken step .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  read and creates a list of parameters for all registered templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager and applies to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the appropriate float variable .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a new network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  table pt-br -> table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  return the text of a given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create the translated document for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission fact if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts to set to true facts dict updated with the provided facts returns: dict: the
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test when how to use a vm .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or random global value .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  return a list of polynomials calls to groebner basis .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments references kenneth lange: numerical analysis for statisticians .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return dict of items in the form of: py .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if the given content is a json/ajax content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test elastic elastic load an existing widget from my .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this function is for a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  return directory where you are placed to use .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the files out of a file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the netstat status .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of all the top of the model in the given document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  adds query to database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  convert each row of arrays to a list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  convert a text into a text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  clean up the arguments .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a binary array into an integer array of dimensions .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return a contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  create a template group by funcs to map .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes a callback to a file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  parameter: string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total request-host .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  retrieve a device name from the given object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the vectorized at a given sequence in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get all available featured rotation codes .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  users in zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity fnc .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review review review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a python function to its full module .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a string into a list of given path .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in multi mode .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validates if a current response method requires a commit header .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a queryset of user changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  load a function that returns a parse source as a date .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function ensures that all reference references of the given parser .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the color is keypoints to color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  label for a dataset of label .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact is the dict of c{obj}s constructor .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given scores from a directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the resource changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random state generated by the function .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  return a list of fully-qualified package data files found in the <path> .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the first location from the provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute function statistics of a method that gets a specific aggregate for a shared object .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  perform movie negative sentiment of a review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  utility function for creating a keys at attr_name .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for a list of sqlite .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  determines if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the metadata for a node .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over a hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  avoid saving multiple sequences in a sequence .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  check that the topics permissions are not in the assertraises .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access using admin site access method .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the xmlelement .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  takes iso 8601 format and returns a utc datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  determine the shortest cost of a graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario result has the steps passed as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert bson options to collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a string from a tuple of .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the gaussian interpolation of *x* .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  instruct the hidden flow .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a dns server to a binary string of binary ips .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to return a single string .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  will mark a test as registered with a registered user .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute the marathon command with salt .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets a new project for a file .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the config file to py .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return next removed by the original .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  convert a path to a list of package level .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  delete and contribution the head files from the configuration directory .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass directories that are pulled in the repo .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  handler for the output of the user .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  recursively look up appropriate route path and no_dupes them in the context .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the secret key of a key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file descriptor .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  list an editable installation and link to an editable os installation file .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a thumbnails to a file for the directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted dotted path and get the attribute/class designated by the function name .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return a crc-32c checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  uninstall a capability args: capability: the capability to be removed source : the capability to install source to install source : the capability under the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image horizontally .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets the base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the pythonzip functions .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a port using the select() reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  determine the requests for an item from the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the header is in the header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  get disk usage of a namedtuple .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all containers in the minion datastore .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build an clonespec clonespec spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a gcode linear move file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  loads the given original patch modified by any termination arguments .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check for computenode on the computenode model .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module keys in the given vmware environment .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a win registry and add it to the test registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find the first objs in the given object .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  delete a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test when only one numpy implementation have a dimshuffle .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download an incoming request and checks the local video can be an update .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns the path of the file of a given directory .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a string .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds two stack objects .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the metadata of a sequence of python metadata .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  ultimate oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  creates a copy of the files in galaxy_root .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a context variable .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  return the annotation value for a type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset instance .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if url is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flattens a list of lists into a new list .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test linux info[bads] .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <user> -- search for any combining webapps - maps to google cloud parsed date of the steam students - delete_asset on success or <user> .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  inject returns a boolean array of variation .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan an engine for a certain engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  wait for a user to handle fully qualified data .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  normalized the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create a new identity type and tenant id .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource index of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  test calc_footprint of statistics .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects by resource_path and search for classes .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the currently active plugin configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve the aws state from .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse an require a list of words .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  convert a query string to a csv file and a csv list .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  for the display title in the display title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  returns sample file format for an sample table .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  expected repository_review_id workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class and returns the class equivalent .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return the full image of a given instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  function of the main runner .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the data points to cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  test the effect dpi after the sensor .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all the configured nodes that exist in the project .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  this function creates a generic public daemon to test daemon .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  home home page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  test whether a user is part of the given password .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the x along an axis of unique indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that are loaded .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this view is used to load social when an http request .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a function to become a tagname .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first width of the cli example: .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true iff the cpu is flags and the iterator of the cpu prime .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes sampled for a given loss .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  check if an instance is part of a collection which looks like a method .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  coerce value to a value .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed heightgrid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  create the element element to use for nested elements .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  ensure that a rule for an ip list is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict given a particular type .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if given stream is a readable readable string .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  transforms the current iteration to the cinder iteration .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch the opkg function so it can be called after the post-processing .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a dictionary and a forms forms than the given dictionary .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  helper function to get http proxy settings object from http server .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash on disk .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract consecutive input variables from a byte array .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates and stores a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss from one or more or more in the context .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  method that creates and returns value .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper function to format the function arguments .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  returns the users table from the database .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  creates an /af/tutorial/issue_2401 token using the google sign in the payment .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  displays the list of file mode in this mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a query response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  this function creates a generic block that also accepts the text in its content .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a pull request .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  yield pairs of lists of parameters .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  custom sum of hybi-07 .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expressions can tokenize to tokenize .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a single grid of a sensor .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load the v2 song song file using http playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  ensure filename is allowed to be a file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  append the files in the file to the tests/ directory .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the string of the value in the given observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all requirements in the input list .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute action on a 2-tuple cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  get the list of projects from the projects .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a function to check the top cpu .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the ipv6 address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission on the provied user .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  get the old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use with the given argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a requests requests .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a table to a pandas format table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  test limits of parameters which allows none to verify the attribute of a metaclass .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library and saves it to llvm .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create the id for a external external id from the product table .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the current process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  recursive helper for comparing .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication for stale form authentication .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  simple row algorithm to load the observed product of each row .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker-compose with docker-compose in order to skip buffer .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  creates a fake log file .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the subnet is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if passing passing in test cases and put them into jobs with this test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create a new folder inside the pip .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  for each sample of the cong along the specified axis .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  instantiate a resource type for a topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source angle is inside a inside a inside another angle .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  generate chunk of slices in slices of slices .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr file resource camera args: pathname : the resource in which to dst .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  asserts that a dict of data has the same expected .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the lines of a path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from volume .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event to the given event .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute url for the given absolute root .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dict of the form names .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function or instantiating a class with a passed positional .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a string into a numeric ascii string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception object from the exc_info .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return the linux linux binary .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  sample from channel .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure reactor c{reactor} .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  determine if a given node is an absolute environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  return the class instance of cls .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging debug logging for the server .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  rest controller - used by skill to https .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  removes html or xml character references and entities from a string of whitespace replaced with a single space .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes the normalized version of n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  lists available packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model type in the given trigger .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a file name to a native python identifier name that is suitable for arbitrary systems .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  abbreviate a network identifier .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if tool can be converted to a dict .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  adds an exception handler to the display file support .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  get a factory with context as a string .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  asserts that the given product index and multi are the same .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  configure the local '< settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit a release to the github requests .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs from filesystem into a string .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the tag for the current api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create a connection to list of available controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a list of all python objects .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases from a field in gcd .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all group group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized version of a matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write to read the numeric event .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save the dictionary of telemetry data to the database .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given matcher target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all members that meet the given criteria .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve polynomials into a de .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  return true if the given object is a dictionary of failure .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to load an sdk remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the gaussian copytobuffer function .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts a function or method .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped function .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the during stream object when there is a initial host .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  simple command-line program for creating connect object .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  windows get definition from the windows .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugins and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns the xblock where the xblock is access to the course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a unique hash .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  display an object connections with the given ref .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this function before build an echo outside of text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read raw data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to an attribute of a section or the target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  generates the list of directories like greys .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the default currency currency .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close all occurrences of the current event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  try to find out the list of configured runtimes .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the inherited aces to the dacl before disabling inheritance
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single input dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get a decorator that requires only if 7 is not present .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  in the case of the python library .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  find a node that is being imported in the volume .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  partitions from dlmf which are executed .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for verifying password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a single log object .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters passed with the specified parameters .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  needs to authenticate to header .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for the bucket .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  multiply a string - running the md5sum .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure directory exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to the original filename .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  determines if a task status has changed .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the negative group of the fraction .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  determine if mesh is a lucas or not lucas with selfridge parameters .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running in this desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look up a function in the lxc file for a match .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the full url for the given scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  select a storage .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the osm-related or the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the storage xml .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration is a general manager .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds a list of topics info to the named tuple of .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db directory are marked as a store_fs string .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  return code dict of code -> [] .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test that an invalid timer throws a valueerror .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from the given data .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given gzip is a number-like string .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  safely notify the named notification .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates the public key for the specified file .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 url for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns a dictionary containing all available matches in the namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used by pootleenv .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get response data from lighting and a dict of name .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  create an absolute contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to create properties not be present in provided context .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the singular value for policy .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is a ldap date .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return given position of the case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if a condition is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get a loop without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  configure the name of a server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempts to guess the first argument of a function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  returns true if the given code is running in the current style .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  returns false if the current host is not a thought .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lt gcd of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag value .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response tool to namespace .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  test the profiles data with gzip support data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return the volume info from a file path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  hps scaling of the dag representation of a sound stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a list of files and their data .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  this is a modeladmin structure for an address structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove a task for a project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  since the plugin is to link .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the n nodes from node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  convert a sequence of pairs in a gif list to a python file this function .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the connected graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the binary root of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  returns the projection matrix w .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  helper function to get a file name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager for setting the given message to a context .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell cell references to an excel string .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the source space .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole kernel for a potential utm .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test intl .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a matching field with the given name and a list of field name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  returns the unity and the value of the passed data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format the full number for a single number of formatting .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a string from a boolean .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  ensure that the current site organisation is provided .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle environment cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the summary of the router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return series expansion of the series expansion of each inverse .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  function that returns true if the python shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot details .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  do the actual handler .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add hsv of value to an rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  encrypts the amount of times .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user can edit the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return public year for a scrapy of time .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the poudriere and creates a new geometry .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  sends an api call to the target .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a c key into a list of tokens and creates the tokens of tokens that are mentioned in token_to_textobject assuming the c list .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax of a stable variable t by the unpolarify axis .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return union of two lists .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get translate the first occurence of the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return the maximum likelihood along the specified axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a string to a list of numbers .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  generate a leap year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines snippet into a string .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the group and group id of a specific group .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  get connection info on uri .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs a renewal datetime .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a graph instance of the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f raises an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the first primorial of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return unicode instance assuming utf-8 encoded string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  equivalent to filename .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  recursively process json values of a dotted document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a nested dictionary of pairs of length keyed by adding a dictionary that can be updated into a single traversal .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode into interactive mode .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  internal representation function for human readable form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  excluding test for decoding .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper to scale a valid subjects interpolation .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of the mine based on the parent position .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the ground bearing plugins .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cleanup an elasticsearch test database .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  equivalent of the protocols of x .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot a new ui cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse a single component of a given number of colors .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  return the torrent directory to the torrent .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  decode a string into a encodestring .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask the user to choose raw .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  return square-free square-free for fields in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  regroup significance .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return all available labeled devices cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  convert a pem string and search in the given pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for metric from string in display .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that the supplied count is valid .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  returns a content type based on a different list of all the installed suffix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes the given url from the given url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  get current time in epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  doji star .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  and the wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a terms in a vm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert the given list of :func:rol .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class labels .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller for organisation <> projects .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of bytes to encode in given stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert the given pipeline to the /comments pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the kind .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten an iterator of line numbers and return all line .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper function that returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import and return the class specified by the class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub key for the passed vm .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns true if the given block is a directory .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket for the specified domain cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the given fetch .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  a helper function for param values and truncates it with values .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns all notes in the document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  helper function to all functions in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  temporarily change the context of the current context .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a numpy array and returns a corresponding to sms .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  endpoint that the local agent is of the local host .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a new input and port the result .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  test that background variable with background scenarios should only the header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if and only if g is threshold .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the latest icon for this instance to fetch .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group that when a stream is in a stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper to remove courses to the list of courses which in the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a external external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  gets the template with the given obj and user name .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  setup in a relocatable directory .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an ipv6 address string into .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads valid certificate from amazon certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  returns the pem text on a widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns the path to an .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the value of a mongodb module .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it can run only the specified server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove reserved so that it knows in roughly .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  test if rc inserted and certificates inserted are marked as a sanity .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  create a notebook .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the frames of a multiframe .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes a for each layer of a and optionally .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common loopback roots in the chunk of the tree .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  attaches a virtual machine to the given virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the loops is in the segments of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  helper to convert a string to a varint name .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get spot instance requests to spot instance instance requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a default remote path for markdown .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current desktop environment for the current desktop .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the names of all type functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  return a triple that can be used to construct a single ot inspect .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the stats page index .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule | minus minus rule | rule | rule | rule | rule divide rule | rule lt rule | expr ne expr .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a single ordering of the graph nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of all available matches cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits a files .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this function is called by the fs manager .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split the namespace into a normalized point .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  forces a data to be unicode .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify if the most of the version .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert to packed facts and return an integer .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  tries to check the two locations of the wordlist .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian distribution of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  require the course level browser for the given course id .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  utility function to convert a stream to a principal compatible with extended shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error is raised when creating a new iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a particular project .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the graphs module is a missing node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  access the given endpoint using the http client and user .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating edge set of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  simple function to match the list of xml characters in text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization in a binary image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  return the string with any invalid characters replaced by their entity .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a random replacements string for a given requirements replacements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  creates a custom portage command on tokens combine no longer than it .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the list of the function n .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  generates a page with the given string and returns true if a page is a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete a new pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  when creating an user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop function to verify channelservicestub and fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get accept header info .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the given list of lists .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  build a scipy .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a dummy row into a python row .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  test must be size in the next tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython complex complex complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the specified route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  get item from environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate process information and a resources .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get changed requirements and update the path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  calculate and save the latest visits and save to new date .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the global configuration object .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  asserts that the *name* of the form of the given package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs hugs in a range header .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  loads a batch of the specified fpath .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse an xml readable list of prettytables .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output the current database to the given table .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest available artifacts .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that adds a method to a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  returns a string indicating the time domain for a given process .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  makes a save request for the specified instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  the main wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check that a vm is in a vm .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new api hook .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  look for a single support tree in a given target tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a a block of two instances .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  move a simple combined to the combined users history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  for program .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate errors from the list .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should never work on related columns .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all installed version of the named package cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  show all information from the application .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a 1d shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output outputs to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  url endpoint for the reset reset related functionality .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  optimizes the full database or just a mysql server name cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns a path to the user-specific python version .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a draft object based on the queryset of the request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the given node is a valid node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  returns the private extrema of a series of cyclic kind .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  send non-maskable interrupt to vm or capture a screenshot vm : string vm to be targeted key : string nmi or screenshot -- default: nmi key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  creates a higher order o .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set of pem strings .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse python results extensions to determine which starts with null explorations .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  find the closest matches in the provided ref .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context stuff that use djangos authentication .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check whether the folder exists inside the folder containing the appscale directory .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator decorates by calling summary .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  check that all arguments are valid .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account from pull email if there are more than one or pull now .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  attempts to get an usable key for a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release or reset date for the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of up to sample path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  check for function of hr objects in scipy .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for issue after c .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close all devices for the current thread .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns pairs with only one with the [-1 sign .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  changes the amount of commits commits from the repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  x is n*m matrix if direction are set and if direction .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a user dict of fields the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  computes the multivariate normal pdf function .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  get students certificates for a certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts any data in efficienys notation to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  converts a python list of tokens to a string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is an instance of a string or a string .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for the given row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a datastore key from a blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculate the percentage of 1d calculations .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  display cluster commit .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract all messages from a list of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file and return a sparse version .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return the string version of a hash .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  returns the dictionary of the unicode string path .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test group input from t1 .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  measures the answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by name and then deserializing it .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a sequential trans .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets the hold on a particular channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or an absolute token into a queue part .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  create a run css gradient with a shortest-path color .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get the stroke slice by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data with current form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  the stdin loop of the program that runs when were not in stdin mode .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  returns the user info needed to access the user_id .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  send a string of how many points fall within the same point .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that nothing does nothing .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  returns a list of all groups in a given list .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  generate md5 hash of the string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator that catches a resource .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the changes has .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get the list of the locales that contain a dictionary of the locales of those locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport - restful crud controller - not normally called from s3addpersonwidget2 .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  transpose a 2d convolution over an input image .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a tuple of plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move to specific cover all or specified cover .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  a simple convenience function that extends the size of the img font font .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all rows .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  configures and acquire google collection map .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the message entry by loading .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a string or as a template string .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the given key exists in the gpg function .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return a ground domain of f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  get a random format for the specified options .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  download and ld the original mnist .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a spectral network .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update and updates the right vote of a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking access of a view .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the netmask address is a valid ip address .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads custom admin network interface .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of the template directory of a template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood of a given test .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of versions library to require a single version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  helper function to generate a point of the osx normal distribution .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  this function is called prior to concatenate the data .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  returns true if the data contains a string with a given list of ipv4 or a string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module choose missing .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test for a column that is detected correctly .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check for bessel bessel function .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the object is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users to .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract a named time from a course and extract name .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns whether a number is a valid number in a string matching the specified number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  create a directory in disk .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  example help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  reconstruct interpolation function .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  private function to mark a function that raises an exception if frozen is not a timestamp .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  function for when a stable group entry is used .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultants prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression | expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless a test to test extension is a x509 set .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue function to be used when appropriate or not to enqueue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield unique elements in order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  encodes password hash with a string key .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around cfunc .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  raise an error if given routing and raise an exception .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add attachment_specs table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network statistics of an interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  this script is similar to be .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute singular paths to initialize the participants xfm .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  recursively processes .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is a hybrid auth function for easily in a specific name .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  retrieve the translation object from a context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of domains from a given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of local or remote packages .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert a string to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  add a set of spelling in a set of segment .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  test solveset_real function .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add a header and [random() .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the editor loads contents .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for memoizing the declarative class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a list of available permission to download the ipython .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows an active hint .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment from the current environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the default request .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  return a network field for the tenant field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns jd1 date value with the current time in the default time .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  populate the default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to event/create .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update statements in symlinks configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns true if the python interpreter was a script that runs with the same arguments .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test gl gl backend .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a list of network hosts .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns data 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements of l in the input list .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the lines in the split line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return the albuminfo albuminfo object for maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the function of classical simple model .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  does the longest contain the given collections of values reference: url .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  returns the rdm disk disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dict with the current config directory .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print a host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  given a function of a sequence .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  given two expressions representing potentially numbers .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  call aka .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if the given ip address is an ipython frontend .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs according to the inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the list of effective namespaces for this process .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate and decode a string to utf-8 string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create the main loop of the loop .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  change table of n-1 to a microsite .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  run a specific python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an b{accept} .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date string for the given format .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  horizontal laplace the output of an image .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  a list of alfred objects .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a queue to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  generate a template for template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  extract event loop from device .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get integer in python 2 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  helper function to wrap a bash directory .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a timezone aware datetime or a timezone aware datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the full url for a gravatar email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  creates past past past for the phantomjs document and returns a description of object tags .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a hex hex string to a binary string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import all custom scripts in segment_info .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks _make_increasing_ohlc() separately .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  use interactive input to verify the changed >= if tabs .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function which can be used .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent the rarely and skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize the style stream for an scenario .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert python code name into a string containing the prefix and the ascii value .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  get the url for an existing user .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name is absent name : boolean force : boolean force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also absent for the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  extract multi-byte whitespace from a string of text .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status of a https .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset for the given formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return servers in a 410 error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  compare two otu files .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test params which can be used to identify the systems params for a test case .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  allows a set of all widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  decodes a document or virtualenv .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  get a dict of all current hypervisor of a hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  display the configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract a connection pool from the given stream .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  turns the info into a list of integers .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get from script main hue config file .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an ldap record object to a query api object .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv on rgb to hsv space on rgb .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  take an byte string of a python list .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list all the filesystem glob for the specified filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  returns the hostapi population matrix x parameters x : array-like the ndarray to use for the 1d array x : array_like .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the splunk_search module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the network config or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an object value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths from the filename .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for setting default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get the logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that enables request classes to handle a value that automatically modifies the [hdfs] of the document .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict with specific minions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a user has to identify the next mssql - a text string .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a list of files in the given directory and a given path .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  equivalent to keep original caches for each execution in the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get splunk information .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  multiply f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  equivalent of paths .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse order dict for the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  returns the cumulative density function at the normal distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception data from the minion .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the pyobject this pyfunction returns after calling .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  returns the first file path of a directory .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler factory for colour-code .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check if the mailing of an email address is not an email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test items from problems .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test process gl backend for image .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this function returns a reply-to or a sparse structure where each section is an hex .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns : function plus newline | newline | function | const_list | function | newline .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  provides a full test .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return a generator of lists in weakly component .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  add gone to a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  translate a dict of jobconf to a corresponding jobconf for each jobconf variable .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that modules to use and a valid modules in pip .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a config file by a previous archive and restore it .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  when a timedelta and a single feature should .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the cache cache in cache for the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns the travel formatted string in a given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render warning environment variables for logging .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  convert from 2 or openflow deviation to rgb .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file name is a readable readable .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  dataset dataset to portable portable .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  received received received html pages .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  write message and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers located in a task .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  check that user has been authenticated for receiving an existing course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check to see if the virtual server exists .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns a list of products for the xmlelements of the products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast to string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  internal workflow .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  create a core dict for a dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clears the list of suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get the diff of two flat .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi if a temporary directory is set .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  safely remove the file path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  send routes of the current machine .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  decrypts the message from the master .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get a domain status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the usage of the module can be imported .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  get a value from the default config settings .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys in extra format into their original form .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode string to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  get the authentication nonce for authorization auth .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the musicbrainz with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all compute ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  base name from a value .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns the description of a file descriptor to returning a parse_otu_table .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a root key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  rabins polynomial n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if the given host is available with the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  look for the mysql data in a document .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  this is a fallback server fails to call our data .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a string to a native color cycle .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test make_text_box() .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end after begin from begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a udp list of tuples .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  convert as input aspect image back to signing_pub_key and height .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return a formatted string of a timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the document for returncode relations .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of test providers for directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google cloud storage username .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  wrap an event handler so we can be recorded when the user is to access a post request .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  get a context associated with a plain url .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  create the courseware specified by the courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks if the given work is in the list of open file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a collector pipeline which creates the given pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  calculate and convert score into for figure in the list of benchmark score .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the incompat name for method that has a given version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the progress symbol of the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  extracts the global configuration options from the browser table options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  use the directories and automatically sets a javascript file to be used in the filter output .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the correct number of the file containing key-value pairs .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  finds and returns a list of absolute path errors for the operating system .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression to an sql query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function alias for master .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a gradient or rectangular numpy matrices .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a zip copy of the directory containing a zip directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  return matching base .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path based on its position in a resource .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name associated with a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a list of tuples indicating that the given songs currently being traced .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for enhancement .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether the graph g or dictionary represents a maximal graph .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new random blank character requirement: * useful in differentiate .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services over a single services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  format a time in decimal format to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  standard normal neural deterministic function for making a thrift_file distribution .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  given a generator of iterables representing a distance object .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python function .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given block array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a generation roidb by gaussian .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available files under the network device .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the data in decoded into files .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the current user uid uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique elements of paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  return a context manager that will create the temporary file and the temporary file name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return system metadata as a sqlalchemy system .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets page: displays all tickets .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce the paired for the paired of the original array .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call chaining and subtracts function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a dict with all indices in the named pattern .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook for streamfield .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle merging users log out .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the support of a page url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string of whitespace and return a dictionary of installed whitespace .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a permutedims using the provided indices of the input n-dimensional .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  merge one or more cookies into a cookiejar list of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a 32-bit tag .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  get plot .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an update .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip a test configuration if config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  decodes a sol value into a string .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  signal to save the user model .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a nonstring object .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validates that the filters passed in is valid .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  no window function; simply return x .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a function used to connect to string representation .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  returns the mode from the given data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  used to information about the local serf .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  from distances of distances .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  delete the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  translate 6j line width in a generalized width .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  sets some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes plots against a restride .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the files out of a file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  maintain the first portion of n .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  used by the generated python files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  returns cache names of the tree names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by the locale name .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  unpacks the __path__ summary of the applications .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  get all the css information in the specified css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  extract all the consumer from the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test data with table names and normal table with a table .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the minimum cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a period to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the leftmost value in a less than or equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes all svn requests for a svn .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a list of unique elements in an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  filters out which names of the given pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the rate and initializes the rate library .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to another server .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  a specific format type for a specific format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get all the locales of a particular configuration from a list of active locales .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new advanced with the specified name and index .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert a positive azimuth .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict with keys of the provided keys converted to the dict .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track track from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the float from the statement .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  create a property from a entity_pb .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test using a numerically stable reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test the use a multi-line reference specification and without 15 > now .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  define an xml element .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  place the dataframe to stack columns of columns .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the arguments that the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns a random string .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks for rar versions .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  gruntz -> str support for various butterworth cell .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the specific instance type of a person .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  returns the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text if colored output is enabled .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round float and cocoa value1 .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send an email to a video notification .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  generate datetimemanager for timing actions .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a gettext .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of items in the path .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  add the current writer writer if certain writer is not a valid writer .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  do-nothing debug action .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to uploaded backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  given a certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of a previous warnings file in another module .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return the first gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the socket on the target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  waits for the current greenlet to become ready to read and write the result to the context if the current greenlet .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop pillar from rotation loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses the reply reply to compute a list of dicts .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes a set of paths and returns all 2048 objects .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  adds a new page to the list of best tuples .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the specified host system .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta using the supplied meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  the main entrypoint .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of up to a string .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all the sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  enforces 2 .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  take a single string and return a list of lists with all the corresponding values removed .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  return the current time of a given zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  make sure the user is set to something in the logging .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  fixture that returns a temporary file that provide the fakewebtab number of a fakewebtab .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method to get a list of user partitions .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  return the prefix for key entry .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an equation order linear differential equation with coefficients using the substitution of the substitution linear differential equation system .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic animated graph b onto two node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  loads a figure to reduce and return the result of that file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  invalidate the cms binary for the cms of the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convenience function to check if a scipy is put or integer .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the files of the file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw number of docs .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads a configuration file and checks it with the provided check checks .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy source file from one sample file to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a win32_terminalservicesetting block code block in the given struct policy .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the cache directory .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  resource media files and all empty fields of the document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete a document from an doctype document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  authentication for all authentication backend backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generator to count while we will sleep for any ping .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test preload overlap .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  returns the path to the directory of the certificates .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  provides the byte string as a doctest .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  converts a cacheable command line of a network command .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  parse an http date into a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  wrapper function for making a single safe using array arguments: algorithm -- the input .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  get dictionary of keywords to preserve keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  remove the check from the given module .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  makes sure the string is an ovs .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  dump to the command .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  get the default value for a given tuple of application .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a enum instance from the data structure .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  return the ip address for the host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a dispatcher if available .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  get the current configuration of the current device .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set the user-agent for the unit test .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update units with pootle backends .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  helper to make a linear bem for forward .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert images to a numpy array of matrices .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  helper function to get a ip_nonlocal_bind attribute of an initial member .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  add a rule to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push a new block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sps using the harmonic plus stochastic model tfreq .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  parse a bytes string as a list of values .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  list credentials for the given users account cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of numpy .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  installs an depencency plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup for the given classifiers .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  get an @status: description of a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the opkg closure of the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return a list of queue() objects describing all visible groups cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights open blocks of heights .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the keywords object to be used for the current thread .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  the locked report uses the logging system and display error message .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by tcollector if it is not a jobs point in the jobs .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the full clipped distance between two points in a sparse matrix .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  remove files that are not found .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  print a tree at the given level of the tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up any cached files under current things .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test verifies the tab can complete .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on apt-based systems with solaris installed .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  run the bokeh tests under the bokeh python app .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run synthetic java determining the desired java application .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given sig using the default package descriptor .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the middle side from the current device .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if a string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  function to support version-based cache version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the unicode string version of text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a default directory path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function to create a new wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  for windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a mapping plugin to be displayed in a dictionary of plugin functions .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the simple bezier column number to ast .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a set of the frequency distribution with seed and seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses an rfc822 .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode a data structure as a string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  unconditionally test for pil .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the element with the given name and html class .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph of the graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  reads the first portion of a file that starts with printf() .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line and return a tuple of arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a string .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test that a file with a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the output of a task .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest for a given acl string .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  creates a :class:thumbnailer for a google api .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  validate response headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a ceilometer object for the specified config from the database .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class of a namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate an router for providing the specified router and return the string defined by the appropriate tables .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  associate associate a report with a global configuration .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all form from the given list of attributes .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  give the black greeting to be more in patches .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return versions of salt version cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  creates a regular expression .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate an array of zero .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create an extension with the specified name .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of one block .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file and return json .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all the dots of a given document with a different key .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  returns a tuple of states until the state has been invalidated .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  configure the input for a specific gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  recursive function for text: types of data in layer grouped by meta to tail .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  returns the interesting value from a string value that is ifneatnumber .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test source file with a given local file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  convert a duration field to a python data field .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a string argument and split it into a list of uid .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list of types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  returns an email .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  dummy method to raise an error if it does not exist .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to define the subprocess that keeps the variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  encode a base64 encoded image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version is not supported by the server .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  builds the absolute pathname of a file to the operating system .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the testsuite tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  perform the dad dos attack using ns described in section 4 .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the module .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns a node not the compression tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current vhost via the user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  isinstance a comment to save a comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a google data file for a given schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of bytes that are not equal to .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns the given string with or unicode replaced with the given char .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform the input along compute the simple 1d code .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks the map of mapping in a wrapper and returns the useful for the specified mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  return the specified column name used as the specified view macro the received view .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  taken from pcredz .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for a function return the imported module/object .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  try to migrate the most recent files for a given version .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  convert the aws keys for both ind: and 0 .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  return the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  adds a header value to the nearest a lists .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates the document with no journal .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  get_init cant find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment records for specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a date/time value to a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gnu filenames which is unique .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a user_id object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive and decode the previous packed bytes .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert an ip address string to a list of sequencepattern .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function to convert a string of bytes to a python object .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry from a dictionary of files that should be a dictionary of .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  sca the immediate inspectors for the current axes axes .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  call fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete a exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian model and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all lines of a particular device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  returns the value of a method with audio from the given repository .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  this is a wrapper around the channel .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test chart rendering with a default serie .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a objective object for the given sandbox name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test if python package can be run .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  used to return all tests in a directory .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the userroleassignmentdb objects for the current page .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data to expr .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  encrypts a rejections cypher key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression against a list of strings .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  checks if there are any of the certificate files for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  upgrade any data in a signal .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  returns the quadratic clip at a blackwhite image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments of a feature considering when the table of the steps at the end of the feature completes .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator registered for given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  datetime object from a datetime .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  rewrite the elements: .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  use this function to update the image with the specified background image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize the named group name to track a certain user .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a normal form to a python dictionary .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test x labels and truncate an empty dict .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  looks through the comments for the responder with qa .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the environment pythonpath and os it to run for the current environment .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  authenticate via the oauth2 .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  generator for a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  deterministic content .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a python file in a list of text lines .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  choose a notification that will match a thing inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the repr of an object .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind the given data to a string .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an image object to a craft curve .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  find all aggregated metadata for a given table and return a dictionary of field that can be inserted inserted .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert an ipv4 address from a human readable format to the given 3 .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the name of the machine .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  a version of 2 .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  sample is a matrix .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the amount of score and v-measure .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on doctest .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get a file name for the filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a local file with a random name .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans the gui backends .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  custom page handler for authorization that returns multiple exceptions .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  show all the features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  tests that release_id can be built with a score .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  returns the path to the directory of an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the information for a named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the smallest integer k function .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  sun -> str a string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decide if this is a file system spacing .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  generate a generator from the json api .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  given a function and a dictionary of arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  compute cross product of elements .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a brocade logical port to every object .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the scotvote data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  classify the classifier classifier using the given classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid domain name .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  x is n*m matrix if curve is 0 .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the wanted remote remote server .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  auth file: replacement for a different profile .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change and install download a file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  determine if the object is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator that adds a function to all subclasses of a certain patch level of the input stream .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator that skips tests to be used as custom coverage test functions that require pillow through .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  clear the specified user from the channel socket .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the cli flag is not none .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  checks whether a path is a file system path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  this decorator allows a function to be used in the cache to decorator .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier { field_seq } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  goes through all files in a directory and all directories .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  write the pip alignment to the given xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  look up the user with the specified profile username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is a db .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  try to upload images or videos .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns path for expandpath .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out the shared token from the provided token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image from a csv file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new string key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete all directories of path .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller - needed when map is a custom memebers method is called .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource object for interacting with a cache api .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  given a function format and format .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack an oauth repo file .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  returns a somewhat-helpful module name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypes function to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple method to detect the lazy log file case .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  access to the entire session .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple of the docs .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  processes the generic stream and returns a wsgi graph object .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the gaussian address .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test there are there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  get a list of the configured creation sequence in the graph .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  split a sequence into a sequence of element indices .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find the lowest match in a list of tokens that are mentioned in the current tokenizer .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  examples: better than a thousand ip address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  returns the localizable attributes and description of an object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find the first opened equivalent in expr where each object is an expression and the non-vowel occurs in the form occurs in the header .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x in the 1d dimensions x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  split a path under migration and returns a tuple of the simple path .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  returns the creation time for the volumes .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for function by comparing and g in the underlying function y0 .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  prints a list of lint errors in tool inputs .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  get a likelihood with the muladd .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode some base64 encoded value into base64 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the tuple of color is an ipv4 address .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add a base source to the sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  transforms messages into a resulting attributes .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is in the current directory .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process level .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  create a directory from an absolute path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read and return the text .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  32 32 object to catch the demos .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  process the connection keys in the httpconnection .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the command .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute cross-talk functions for using_cores cases .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update the basefont font properties with the specified basefont .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the first m of the undecorate function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the locale for excluding .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrate non-reference definitions to another node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  builds a list of comments as input group and returns a list of comments .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  change all vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  transforms the full description of a post .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  perform an environment variable using the python environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  extracts access token information from the bundled service .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a list of all programs .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish builds html documentation .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  unpacks elements of a uint8 array into a packed output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  get a list of dicts for the given oid .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of the given form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load an extension from the given module and return the module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a dictionary with the given list of all folders .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity type and tenant in a tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate the format of a list of strings .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes under the given tree to the specified depth .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct a signal object from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given protocol for a given chunk .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  decorator that sends the changed config if the selected sdk is changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get instance type by flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an undefined-step snippet of ansi snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a json representation of node that is visible by a node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  assumes that first kind of the vectors in elems .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum absolute matrix along a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  for a google ip .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  convert to examine routes to complex primitives .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  get a list of 8 .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix with the receiver-operater padded .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an httpresponse whose content is a string and add it to an integer or a string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if isgitlink is a fifo .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a generator that yields the text of a yaml stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  restore an *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  just a widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for getting a translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a dataset by name .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  child child process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt all sentences that match the specified length field alphabetically .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  generates a slugify slug .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract a vsphere container port from a pool .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build the routes for the interface cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder the pylab-related result of a dict .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a single string .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  poll a block until it does not exist .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if the value is an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  print a list of [] .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_button **parameters**: form the form form with the given form }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump the current settings .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add rotation element to xml element .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  parse a epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  read the return the contents of a file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  extract the mock client object from the request .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of the percentage of the positive integer within the given document .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  attempt to open the list of files .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  convert a string to json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a string into a unquoted sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return matching base dictionary .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract a tree from the tree at sns .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  get a cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  helper method for getting a single config key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return a rekall key for the given function .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user using the htpasswd file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the details of a named notification .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a given source to a static file if the given source was not already in src .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the point inside the widget .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a set of option and attempts to generate the search paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  fill the enrollment for the given user if theyve earned it .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an app for all four tiles .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that finder a finder only the right data only accepts data .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets the template categories set up the latest categories for the current context .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filter names that are not in the given list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read the bitpacked file and return as deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  serialize the users avatar url into the passed user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the cached settings that will run the testing testing for the given settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  function to format an object when given an printable string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write all registered node2 .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx of the nearest histogram of a time series .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get paths lists of paths from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the matrix of the entire polynomials of a matrix parameters n : array_like .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tree can be in the tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  adds a message to the model_variables level prefix .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  create the test cluster cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key from a redis set cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with super and email address .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  if old .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  calculates the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  creates a qt app with an application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns generator of loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a generator that returns a bytearray of the given length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  return true if path can be included in the directory tree .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  given a string encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate from the current certificate domain returns false if no <name> is given .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  split an iterator into chunks of the given iterator .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  returns a wsgi backend for a cluster .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  morning doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create a record from a json value .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content from a new location and removes all whitespace contained in the directory for that need to install .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add to surrounding loops from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when a folder labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status of given status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that a customer from the stripe is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything data .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call and start the service with next available .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test overlapping .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  build a diff text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given datetime object .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  removes the currently being called at the server .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a dict with the current plugin class by the name specified .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if we can be manager .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a public plugin classes to be used in the class .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  produce the page with the specified url .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get an array of string for use in the series/index .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse the stdout and comment comment for each rule .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  applies a list of tokens before a stream .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  print a theano cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from the given security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_scipy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split a collection of sequences into chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a new draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  given a url remove the key/val again .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  encrypts the journal to use for various journal .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  returns the vehicle loose heading if the vehicle is currently in the heading .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  ensure the expected and set of imports is set correctly .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a message .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  ensure that the request is set correctly .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record ownership modified networks .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the location using http other than the location specified by the other .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  type check and values of obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract metadata from a given stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  construct a course object for the current course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %reset ip reset must_have_addon .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  a simple wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a point of the input data .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the gui metadata using the previous session .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of users with the admin job id .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find the vms that the vms from the datacenter .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  calls the score_set signal defined in the site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  logs a data in a dict() .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  find the load method for the element to the specified css .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to the html .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  does the firewall .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on its mean sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of tuples in callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to the provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  converts a nested dict to a flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats the time to make it readable by a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a dict of valid xml file and a list of available xml classes .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read in an image file with qt classes and height .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a "add object from the given text .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  executes log of two files in a cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if the given undefined implementation is less than the default .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since depends .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  custom input_seqs .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  function used to describe test cases .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string with a hash .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja environment for the jinja server .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  generates the just a generator of lists .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  returns a recordsensor associated with a given id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the facebook .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain object .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  helper function to return all the virtual nodes in a list of all nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  returns a iso8601 time from a json string .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a list of pairs .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage from a single coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  connect a loopback helper function to a tcp server .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  returns the user diff of a user object if it exists .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the number of bits that can be used to end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  encode the line of a line .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  breaks a sequence of lists in a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update an parent field with goal or status parent .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate cls using cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns the directed edge centrality for a directed graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  returns the python interpreter that has been acknowledged .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if an object is a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively undefer .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace python dotted path with unix paths .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  custom decorator for scripts thrown by the main function .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to an object .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap instance .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  describes the time series to grab .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  to pass to the cache objects .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  create an arma impulse with errors and flushing of time series expansion for all coefficients of the input polynomial remainder : array_like residual process .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a validate validate that can be not or not .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of masked data .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token for the specified host and port .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the bit ip addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the string text of a textual string .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate a timestamp in iso 8601 .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are managed by the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to get a space of a space line from a string .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  get version of the revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  decorator for #828 which placeholders to only accept httpbin .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  set the meeting log link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a class .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if the named distribution is a ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  create an individual interval of an interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  start the signals to the background server .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert a integer to an int .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the real matrix of a univariate polynomial .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test multiple appending options .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a query string and returns a utc datetime object .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer from the serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  return the default string used as a string .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write the base64 encoded file object pixels in a string .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns the rich-club of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  get all available ips for the linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box entries .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a path of parent directories .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for a year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute execute the idea on a dataset and execute the task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the list of receivers in the mean .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  adds an oauth client object to the secrets settings .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the parent function .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a json for the current session and adds a text fields to the given bucket .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  extract lines from the first occurred that are not in lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of all agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the pdf of the rosenbrock along the _ .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a list of transform into a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer using the importer types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  safely get a fallback locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  check if the line is equal to the given line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  elb a nullhandler .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  try to install and links of installing from race .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on the current network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  create directory uid .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to set the exit code and end .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return a list of all the named mount .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  non-explicit --> abc text .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window with the index logic .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  default value: of an email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  sum -> str sum the lowest index of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data in cbc .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  return a statsmodels instance from the given identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  type_name : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  build up the graph of all threads pointing threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that all the finite where *x* are in the :ref:user .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquote -> ~/abc return quoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  get the internal course path for the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the private errors that loads the response and returns a dict of active errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls retries .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  generates a valid dispatch from the given arguments .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  just the given fake fake mode .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to move to safe_mask .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the end loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get a schema of an instance .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding needed to check for the file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get a python implementation .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  given a field type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  stub function to run referrer .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the current time of a function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and comment_id comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock software failure .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode the string in the series/index using indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  dependencies are the operators .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  lookup and return the most capable url for a given request .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  load email addresses .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : string to be included in the groupname of a function .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  runs the factory method from the input stream .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test assumptions for assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets the list of maintenance databases belonging to this chunk .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  normalize a file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  returns true if the given key has a congruent binary .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  convert a token .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether the email should be retried .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse the executable page to browse .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  return the textile with the input text and the rest of a file .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  projects a set of power-cycle .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to correct barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the timeout has an timeout on a timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects all commands to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite for the given testsuite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to the potentially with the name .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path of the directory containing the file name .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform 2d nl of columns in a binary image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an error page to an account .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests for tuple .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure empty break can break the tabbing to an exception .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make an ascii string .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return the directory where the given themes is located in the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a user with email .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody connected to the somebody somebody .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  checks whether two binary parameters d1 : variant and x : array_like .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip file and return the installed zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit the repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  tests whether a record can be a single test run in a directory .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sorts the dicts in a list with pivot .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  vertical sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all mongodb databases cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a script with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne average forward solution in hdf5 file .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade entry in the given list of travelled .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  commodities test of the maxima metric .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing - maps to one .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize the given object into a hash for use with the actual validator .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  from a wcs returns false if wcs has a web one .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython ipython instance .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document via a bokeh document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  steps definitions on scenario outlines on step .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  convert sid from a sid name to a security group name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  a context manager that can be updated after a c test .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  using 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to write 20 tweets sampled from a public streaming .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  convert the given setting into a set of results in the given kodi results .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups of the target .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  warn about wrapped .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  replace the youtube record for requirejs-wrapped .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if role profile is associated with an iam role cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download version from a string to a dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  splits a relative component into posix datacenter .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into a 64-bit array with the same depth .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores binary file content to format .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the identifers for a particular part* .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  check for existence of a character with the name in the given character or a pending type .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handle the effect of a selection .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  returns whether a review can delete the review reviewer .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles followed by needles the needles function .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming shape .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a certificate in certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop ids to the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents and return it .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of announcement courses that have been sorted by the announcement *version* .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  returns the chain of mavexporer generated by du .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked the volume to handle volume group .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts a label label string label into a mpls label representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse an xml string to a file .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  get a search dict for a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard error message dialog .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the actual powerlaw sequence in sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check the correct line numbers of each line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a versioned report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the float multiple times .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the text of the package with the specified init .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type l2 section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep step .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url from the api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update dstpath from srcpath in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  sends a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a set of entities for the given key in the database .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  get pagination nodes from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  return the multiplication of a binary array .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptors of media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  parse the python int .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  creates the virtual machine for the specified content .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert ioerrors to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of theano characters are theano properly split the same results as the same .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  calculate an array of unique labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads an url and yields progress data .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse the song search of youtube if they are allowed .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  returns the maximum -flow path for aspath 1 .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  transforms an iterable into a single item in the given list .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the contents of a template .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the tzinfo tzinfo tzinfo .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  restful crud path to the default sys .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  get md5 exit code of the specified user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print single "code .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  automatically remove the parameters from an error code .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  standard config file to be used as binary .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start an celery celery process .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a settings structure to the tool shed spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  indicate that a private key exists in a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for all students enrolled in given course .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to the operating vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row and yield pairs of the given row .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  preprocesses a tensor and a collection .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  return a list of typename that have allowed to be allowed for the settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  the handler function to add end of the given date .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  robustly test whether obj is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  get all available files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute the style loss for gradient .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all pyglet pyglet from all available pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that installing a condition for a full project .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  add markdown description to markup .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the actual netatmo plug .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a csv for the series of fields .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field override for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the first argument of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  get the executive of the local domains and domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  translates a version number into a single version .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns the absolute path to filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  initialise module .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns an entity .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote server using remote access .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  updates a url with a key and the provided url .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the id for types and ids .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next series is farther than three every series curve in the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  test tester map while checks for position factors .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  converts string into a currency timestamp as string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  watch a value from the rest interface .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  create a formstyle table for the incident form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing never work with overridden frames .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller to just create series expansion of skill .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  constructs an argument from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  attempts to find a class with a namespace .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  deploy a mission to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a single row of applications .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  get docstring from docstring into a edx-val .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the root directory root of the hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to ssl and return ssl socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  send a relative url to the context .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir for incomplete commands and definition vs .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  search for yielding ids in the db .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file and return a tuple .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  queries the number of data along each call to the specified metric .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the weighted weighted array of data .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying the next code .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-legendre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  adds a function or a it with the arguments given .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check if parallel bzip2 is present .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a list of tuples for the partition of the given list of lines .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a function returning an alternative class posts .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  returns the path of a directory that contains a given job .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  return the directory of the mkdir dir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of absolute path relative to tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  applies a confirms clip to the given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  list the currently installed packages .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints an required mysql to a given token .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a django data data to a python list .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decide if function is called in function given .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash repos .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external minifier and javascript places in the javascript interface .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that functions that require available on the system .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product after merging the current sites configuration and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a parameter and return a list of parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  runs evaluation in a loop .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two parsed files .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  returns a dict of 2 random facet items for the current facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  pearson version of that returns v1 vectors in the first element of a v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  searches for a specified search .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a record .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns the power of a matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path to a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  test that when the document can be run .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns an absolute path with ~user and env var .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached language cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  return an partial list of tuples .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  return true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  the unification succeeds iff other_object in orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a dirty error implementation additional parameters may be a collection or list .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a copy of the dictionaries .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change of pending content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  print the objects of a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  remove all key/value pairs from a query .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a database for last request .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  example: when definitions fails .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  determine if the named value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  apply a function to a number .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost flow .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  get the parent of the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  extracts and returns a list of method/ from the input brands .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the installable text .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  get a list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log log the info .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system after system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the version from a spawner .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is logged in .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of fasta tuples .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed in settings .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all rabbitmq services the user under which the account .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that bucket raises an exception when bucket are not created .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  r^2 r^2 .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  order the elements of the given child .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  configure the default value to be used as an option in a custom resource - otherwise use this instead of range entries .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the first search for the folder specified by the folder .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a list of filter names .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a series of data and returns a list of pairs .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an answer to the answer log for the rule it hits .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  standard deviation .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  set all published in admin of ccx courses .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a nullhandler .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  get url of the request from the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compiled list of filters from the config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  returns a checks of sampleid of duplicates for de-duplicates files .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a correct url from a url .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository to a repository clone directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use the actual device to main control script .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within the given subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  test reading a table with the data for col extent .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get a list of all the results of a given list of handler .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a task to create .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes a single file containing a single line of the latest path .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  joins a string containing a normalized list of values .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test tabbing .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse the generic header .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the configuration and cost-per-click events from the cli .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple matrix to compute the series of a sound .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the templates/project0/ translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  return a string where experimental and a either a transform point or an exception .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of tool and return all tool dependency data for which are introduced as a .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return version of pysqlite cli example: .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test dimension exception model creation .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  check a file to see if it has any files in the given directory and return a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive use request to search for related video .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a new graph using the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through data .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port number for a given port .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  add a value to an oauth url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory root .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when a certain wrapper has been verified .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check if the input is in the color color to the integer color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images to the given exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has access to the staff course_id .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  assert that the most of instance with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  python 2 .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a remote execution of the given process .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted predict using the classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  take a slice at index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a function or method if a review valueerror is not a review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  split a list of known tags into a group .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  install zfs .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the value for a flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function into a sequence of integers .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  iterates over the directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  change the deployment to the path .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the directory containing a file into a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  custom filtercomments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and transform of trans files by writing .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transforms a function in a certain way into an xy function of applying .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the return the web web page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  given a binary array of zeros .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save a task definition and update when a task has been requested .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  extends the ssl socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get a refactoringtool for a node .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for the given url .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of users that belong to the user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  align the part of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  sets a the currently selected widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all agent build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check whether the groups contains any of the list .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  scala target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  generate extension extensions for a file .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  simple bokeh function to populate the bokeh html message in an issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  dummy function to deep copy data into hubble dictionary .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  test that macro at a catalog can be used to make catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  list all the currently loaded in a response which contains not been done for currently loaded .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring status cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  get the prefix for the current thread from the global request .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a config spec for the specified parameters .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add caching to a resource .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if the given node is eligible for the given node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns the xblocks xblocks score for an xblocks xblock .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the ca ca ca certs from the imageclassificationdatasetjob device file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  finds closest within a source graph .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a gcode linear move text .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale float helper method to scale to scale .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  sample function for series diag floating-point .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager with given rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate a graph as a numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql configuration state for an sql database cli example: .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to temporarily disable a temporary directory .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a basic example of build instructions that is a basic example build instructions and room .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is properly set correctly .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the value of a runner can be filled in a google cloud .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  finds threshold value based on the inserted layer .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  processing processing of the metadata server .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator for notify which is a method to be a method .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  convert an sample context object into a resource object .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  generate the genelatex body for a repository .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  check if cookies are changed correctly .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  add a simp lists/dictionaries .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  a fixture for raising a dummy file descriptor .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an input string with all the safest chars .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies the x509 certificate .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect host to not implemented on the host or in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a validator value for optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific attributes .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete confirmation page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow nodes of a nested workflow .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  process list of configured problems with states .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  internal helper to fit iir model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the zipextimporter logger .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton of equations .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  transforms the plugin into a single python module .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the policy for a group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for skipping login if required .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  create an oauthtoken for use in the background .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  runs the javascript command in the js database .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns a list of all available help files .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone the disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file path to a relative path .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing a package using pypi from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  sets the suspend state of the power .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  print a list of rules for each rule in reverse order .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when the python 2 .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  get item from a list .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  like invited but returns the user to .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the hex colors matching hex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | boolconstant | minus | integer | const_ref .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using resultant algorithm .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape nested values of a input value .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the central vector of an central variable arguments: weights : the delta of x .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a string representation of a placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the secret key and secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get list of list alist alist : list containing median and return value of version of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with pkg .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the time series for a pandas month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the ith version of a file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the initial state with an initial taps state with a job .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the current image with the master and return the result .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  create a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create and write contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a model for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  map and update all available transcripts transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a file: url to a local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears the current request/thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the instances related to the instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  return the difference between two texts .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set incoming job of web .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  detects if consensus is needed .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join a list of lists into a single axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an ipv4 address to an integer .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of all the keys found in d .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context for all facebook video file .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  return the output of the document .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  authenticate a url .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit an existing media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared entropy of a tensor .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  decorator form of task by loading .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an arbitrary object to a class for use in modules .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  runs a function in a unittest .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  implement the number of bytes .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns the first add containing a list of the expressions - a .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of exploration changes for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove func values from values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  use the string to display the arguments .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  resolve a serialized hostname for use in configuring address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  tell the rsa bit to track it with its rsa order .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a named user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  returns a list of fully-qualified paths to find a python module in sys .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  returns password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in the list of databasedef .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  for the row of an open source .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes a utf-8 string for the given ascii string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket use bitbucket when bitbucket is pushed .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a new dict .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  :return: an object by a new draft form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a sound file and return a list of pairs .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a group cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  like connceting .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the prefix into a utctz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new workflow endpoint on a specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  ldap the path .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  get an integer in given dom .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list all zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  helper function to carry over http redirect to the user .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all registered modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the approximate tolerance is a test .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr key .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub stub for win_id 'qtnetwork-download-manager' .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in reset .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a 301 .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  in the case of the gdb gdb file .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms the ip addresses into a connected segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the offset in the given alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a l{deferred} if necessary .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  given a string of the css quote .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the path of a file that is installed in the directory of the file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete a api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  even if all apps are getting in app specified .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  round a value into a float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  use an object to read the bucket contents of a file object to be changed .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get media movie movie .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  makes a template for resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  looks up the target name in the string .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively abort a method of a serializer method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean up the state of the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator that requires global user to access this view .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is a websocket of headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  prints a list of theano configuration .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  the default implementation of the wsgi application .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to load a relative module from the given file name .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns approximate arguments for the current thread .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the unique environment .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called after the server starts up .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  return an array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  function which looks up the given path in the given path .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows data based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update all libraries installed in the given directory .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test for libzmq .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  trigger a workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  users group users .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve a user based on the provided username and the text object by its email address .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  turn a python version of the nice version of the how to make things add cygdrive .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the macro .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  follows a file that may or may not exist .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling http server if it is not a specified http call .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the connected fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a standard cgi-style format to a fits record for a fits record .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities for resources .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a remains order .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds dummy dummy dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an encoder for the given error chars .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  marks a view function as exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  transforms a system copy of the bcpy scratch space into a bcpy copy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  generate a md5 signature of a encoded key .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  computes the maximum of multivariate gamma along given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  if a user id or id is a username .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  returns a call to call the user for the email api .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  returns a flattened object for a given traditional .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  inverse of inputs which could be used by the earths map .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  a view that maps a subproject_slug url to the provided url .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  find steps and return a list of steps for it .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  make a network with an ipython graph and put it to the prng file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts the given data to a string .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  the execution of the connection to the current configuration .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get the operating platform for the system .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  play any :class:~prompt_toolkit operations that need to be either replace the same state .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads python related url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  email after communication integration is less than one or more note that the context of stuff stuff .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the win32 key of the win32 registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs of currently installed jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decides whether there is a bug that nuke the document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is emitted .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  take a series of photos with a then flattened transaction and then a single layer .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get the md5 checksum of a list of singletons and common slashes .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  hashes the sha1 and return a dict of bytes .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : minus rule | stmt | rule | rule | rule | rule | const_map expr | rule lt rule | expr ne expr .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes iso or "/path/to/socket" from source .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers in the given header dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the url to the given host .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash and nvidia-process of a certain system .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return the function func .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that a suggestion has a hash containing that the existing column .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if the object is a readable python data stream .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse a string to a document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the collection of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns a dictionary of all the possible metadata attributes .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  this function will display the string for use in the given apache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the pip package data into a list of files in the current dir .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed in a list of the file .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  remove the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  convert an ipv6 address to its canonical tuple as string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  this function is used to import a module that reads the modules in the ast file and must be in the ast .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  use this function allows us to set errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new image .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a stonith character is created in the cluster .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the action actions for the given content .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the a matrix is a hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  make sure the firewall is disabled and the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return a locally in a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the whitespace at the end of fields with comment columns .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function that does nothing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes string value to base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge 2 dicts into a single comment .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  filter out nonsemantic nodes from the command-line line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a string to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all apps are available .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a generator that iterates over an item .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  vanilla test for interactive python 2 .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  generate a partition to partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the file closest to find the configuration .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  print in error message to the console .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  utility function to get a numpy color name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  handle the response of the assessments/impacts/summary links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test collecting join inputs .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  binary classification minifier .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  closes out logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an example of links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check if mysql mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get error with tricky arguments .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  the power of x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the singular hexadecimal representation of a binary file .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git config .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  run a function of integrations against a wrangle and return a copy of -1 .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  whether usign usign is a usign loops .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  output a function to cache its results .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  having a server:port server and port on a given port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate the constraints for a test_case .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the list of known access to the configuration file .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  inspect privileges to use when creating privileges .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an http request via an api request .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this reads a template file using the specified context template .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  returns the number of parameters in a frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a table for the re .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks to see if nictag are set to nictag .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  subtract a polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump the use of *cols* userdata .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to a list of pairs .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates all arrays by lvm .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  parse elements and truncate in the database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  translates a ansible query string into a list of two-element tuples and return a list of the form corresponding to the current query string .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  checks whether obj is a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  get a list of users that access to a user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a single mountroot leaves it to create a new mountroot .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  given a single project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a *frac* matrix in a data matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load a file from the current user .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  find the volume bindings for a list of volume volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates or create group .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit 4-byte file for epochs processing .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a flag flag for the exploration .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return the difference between c and a and a .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in a wwn .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the absolute path of a filename with the file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image tag .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  determine if the structure structure structure is valid .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of seqrecords agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  return true if the value contains only truthy chars .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  interpret a string as a host:port pair .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  return the image by the box table .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  recursively walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  find the lineage of the block of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a finite application that looks like the default one .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get default fetch for thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version string for the currently installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that functions that require available on the system .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a symmetric string of a fixed pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a authentication digest to a string .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws s3 server density .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send ? to database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get list of ingest tuples .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  remove a group device from lvm cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json object from the network database .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the key to which a git repository is in .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profile for {}default policy : string username default_hidden : boolean hide cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  list installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in filename .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function takes a message and returns the type of the internals types .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  attempt to run docker on a remote host .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the file number of the current thread .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a plugin plugin with the given connection .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list *obj* to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre polynomial sensor .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  exception handler for technical .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] to an int of int .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  given an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional sensors for principal gradient .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the apiapproval axis by a field in a particular curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search the string by name .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array by given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  tries to find the output of a number of states .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the mean squared binomial error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a hex key represented by a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write the low-level table xml .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  add request to a temporary request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  send a list of dictionaries to one or more images .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the named container .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a cipher object pkcs115_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value | dubconstant | set_type .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the current dag instances of a task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  get an item or a string representing the given object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure python option is unicode .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  convert a tree or a tuple of tuples into a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a file-like object to linear upload files .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the user name .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a setup .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test application gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the number of bits that are in an integer .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a compiler class .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the execution inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download a file from the tvdb hex file system .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return an ipsum cache directory based on the appropriate cache directory .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  test if we can train a special data file .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a unicode string version of an object .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a dictionary of contents of an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to execute a function in a module .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  only the redbull service if the named service is enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a simple wrapper for reading of a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return a query .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  convert a dict of issues issues into a dict of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns a list of all available context classes .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree of the expression tree .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  a generator to pull all example files in a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  adds a session to the collection config .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to decorate a __init__ .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> user[:passwd] .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the pdf module to be used for saving and normal drivers .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the amount of a named vm to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves bernoulli diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and update the list of modules in the desktop app .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images from a bufr image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  ask for an backend entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  returns the text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path of a binary string .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit with --scenarios or matrices .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  show the available services for a module .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost function .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays two y pairs for a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  transforms a single sparse matrix into a flat list of indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  train the test of the plots for num_epochs on the plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow a custom language for the langage dependencies of a calibre .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  replacement for naptr .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks whether two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  use the given partition to disks .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake socket .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the first occurence of the line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  connection to the best connection ids .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated calculated for a geometry and geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a repository from the user .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  transform a normalized operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  returns an array of the same shape as the input array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of an follower .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  start the result of a tabular result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse an sample id to a new referenced map id .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  sends an instance to a pending instance .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  a generic gradient of the gradient function .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  check for info in source date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a snapshot of image .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print a formatted entry in iterable of objects .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  return a list of an integer connection object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  ensure that pr is running working_copy() .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a "magic packet" to a host .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the thread name for the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if the lifecycle for u presents .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports and returns the supplied path from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test ask with and without finite .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  the named service is disabled in to start on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml class for the given xml string .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : step expr | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get the number of security group in the security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a single influence in figure .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a remote tunnel to a remote tunnel and writes version .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test fit and m2 functions .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns the number of sequences that represent the frag_archive .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  find out the names of findloadednames .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query results .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds a chain parameter .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | tuple | tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  find the number of common elements of a matrix .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  puts a user id .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object and returns the python object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return the name of the users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  make a filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  returns corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a long to a specified python dictionary .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  parse a config file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  return hex digest of the given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns true if these are either a list of numbers .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  superlative is a llvm size and try to deal with the threading process .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  start and checks if all required if necessary .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  first array of a clip that is positive integer within a single clip .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a class of the qt type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  register the function that checks that the given messages has been logged in the register_schema function .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the indent of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  draw a view of timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether an ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a new compression function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code of n .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a remote object .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using coroutine .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get dataset when a user is stored in .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  utf-8 utf-8 data from utf-8 to utf-8 .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  brent -> str get the minimum error of a function of a function of arguments .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  utility method to store a list of kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary x .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the shortest size of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the first environment variable set .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get desired config file name and directory of file in base name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return string with an object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an value in a table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper function for escaping tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check if the given kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the raise an error if boto isnt not already exist .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file from a timeseries of a timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  get the list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume front in the given ref .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string for the specified string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  makes the tftpboot .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  tests if the right altaz are consistent with the coordinate altaz when the coordinate coordinate empties the correct altaz .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  given an object name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if the object has a sorted method .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert an unicode character to the given character string .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  process the content from a file to a google cloud storage .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup the allowed security serializers .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for caching .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the permalink methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  parse symmetric response .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make sure the replica set to the switch if the container is connected .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot the ccpr and a set of regressors according to the sensor .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add single channel to urls .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch a fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the given schema is available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  generate a domain x and y when x are dropped .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository directory for gce .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a certificate is passing passing a passing of http status code .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  the address in 2001:db8::/32 to check if the address is not equal to the address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  language: and were assigned to the original exception .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  recursively list all files under root .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set and set the model to the model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the a version of a string that is definitely .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  checks if the given node is a title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test the predict function for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get remote/target string for a comma-separated list of lines .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a combined list into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of the configured ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the matrix to bounds and active sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read a fiff_block_start integer from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check if user registrations are allowed to view permission .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a string to a list of detected indent .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a single header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results of a predictions file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  call this function via a watch statement .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the cloud provider .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key for a datastore .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  bayesian of the observed polynomials for small inputs by bootstrapping the activation function .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert the elements to a list .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps a number of perticular crossover .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout with a course_key that will checkout the views args: user_id: : the user model representing items in the users cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  helper function to construct a reverse stream of an address in the given string .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes sure that the extension dictionnary correctly set in an exception that the model class like step_definitions .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer of the pending account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  cookies a dns name or a unicode string .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the standard deviation loss function .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  determine if the node is a fact of node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  doji star .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class directly .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  temporarily changed config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  returns a humanized document with a number of data .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates if a source string is valid .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  change the _() part of the passed string .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict that maps an ordereddict to a list of ordereddict .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  multiply two elements of gf needed .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a new encryption key .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  similar to the source space .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe size of the pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  for a script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  launch a directly in the background git-cola :return: a dict with name of enqueued pages and their states .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read read instances of an xml file .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return a generator function that batches for a to the ogr status .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  halt the running system .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find a rendered server or return the result .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays the students textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a library and return a handle to it .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  set the value of the page with the specified input .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  emulates the comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file path does not exist .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator which asserts that the process with pid is true .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash digest of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run each item of the subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a given pattern is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the default uid to the specified user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return a list of tuples for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model for membership .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator to set up mime type in the request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test for #148 .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate an object/categorical array of inputs .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of all available ips .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  maps to the users contributors .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  parse all non-empty elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the data in one after the files .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression | expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list of struct strings into a complete list .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an keras keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to start the heap server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test stream of the main .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url the local name .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user all operations should not exist .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  decide if this is a file system spacing .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider with the current request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  clear the connection .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  pull translation strings to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number of national for a phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the checksum for a character .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  generator that preserves all lines of a collection of length .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a time string according to the given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to load an sdk remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  compute the product of two pathnames .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing table in fill_values should only replace matching values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that the given student exists .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  filesystem balanced accuracy of points when creating all the class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  return a byte-string version of string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of nt objects and returns a list of cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain names used by parse_fasta spec .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  create a shared shared shared shared shape containing a theano type .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the instances of the current instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  set up the user-agent of the cart args: user_id: cart : the cart to check for views in the context of the cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  create a new root folder for the given node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return true if the given status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  converts a numerical value to a dict .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the degree of the elements in a matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  convert fasta file reference to fasta fastq file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the function fails .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a given moment .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain datasets when desired .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm list of urls to a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  for the duration of the current site .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture which sends a topic for a test topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  convert flowgram sequence to fully-qualified fully-qualified sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  approximate a single random array of ranges .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  search for the server health health and returns a dict of server health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  benchmark throughputs on all metric configuration .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use the function in the nltk corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  mock model failure dies with update .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  return the list of strings for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all the status of all available filesystems .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  builds a default app for the specified app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for a function calls .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator which ensures all validation errors arent loaded in the *simple .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip message and allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test for invalid methods that are not just a elevate exception .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user permissions if a user has a specific permission .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the arch kernel arch .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  convenience function for xmpp objects .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get the status for the given group by the given header group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock --help with error number of violation .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculate the relative mean of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded curve key from a list of the specified vector vector key .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the string if were running in the gui .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a sparse string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams coefficient of the one-dimensional network .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  the regularized function runs the following: to given closest parameters x : array the number of parameters x : int number of k : scalar scalar coefficients and full both
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  provide a dummy handler for the user .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of text nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user table .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  get list of objects of each set of objects in gc .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a n-d row from a dict of labels to an input row .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize report for the given report type and end date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return list of detected arguments .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write a stream to the previous stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename in the given filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  prepare the messages from a file .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  add a request to the current user .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  waits for eventlet to be available .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  return a uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for the process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the tree of a given parse node .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group a file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns information about a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add a string to a list of sequences .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  dummy resource protector .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of inline version .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a format string indicating an int representing a number of places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a suspend using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  ensure that exactly containers exist in any state that the awards .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the system state the nsnitro cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns one of the three times .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of bits required to set the given netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the argument name of the function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render template with grains and grains .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the backend class for the given backend and module name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  return artist names of localized names in a block of block .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the current linux id .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template provided template limit is valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the creation of a decimal field .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound to dynamically be created from the wire .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  uninstall a file if it is protected .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  use the given file to fill a temporary filename .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if python 2 .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict of all the paths of the queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a string with the article to send to the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose used to exit .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  replace python relationship by the osx/posix-utf .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  determine if a segment is in a csr or sparse format .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function to right patterns .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into an mime type and target type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a default options .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return return return all volumes that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the value of the (f(g(h))) distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to check the version of all available namespaces .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django database using current migration .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do the blockdevicedeployer implementation of test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns the image description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  recursively copy extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns current administrative reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format the money for a given pattern .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip by given rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements file from the given requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 paths to the paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generates a key to a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a info attach spec spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  create the snippet of a heap .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  regression test for bug this works in the tree_base locations .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  maps an encrypted dict by a new value and returns an ordereddict .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the url without the path component of a url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates an resolved viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates in a directory and a given certificate path .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over the format for a format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  coerce a value to its iso format .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  decorator for checking if the users has an action handler .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is the first add a wrapper around the file to the dict .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the time left in n_jobs n_jobs field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  parse the list of files in a function using getnextfiles .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip by bogus .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  execute an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return partial derivative of f .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound a blockmatrix of the center of a wishart-distributed matrix .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: builds a dictionary of builds setter .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of direct interfaces and sqlite .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  a simple model function that returns the values of a given distribution .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the word of the bezier plot .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  return first host name for a host .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  fetch and return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  pick a string like scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  given a nonnegative .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for interactive python files .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of vms urns .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  recurring a component of component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  get a dict of the instance where the instance is the provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs an crypto library .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a subdictionary handler which will serialize the given stream to serialize the given stream handler .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  extract the group type from the type given a comma-separated type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find and return a list of supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids of otu __getitem__ argument(s) is a list of otu labels: unsigned symbols; .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  fetch the names of all transitive attributes from the list .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  adds a new homedrive cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is a unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> string return a quoted version of the string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user in an email .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize network ingress from elb to a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  return tool style tool node .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sorts higher order by the addons and then sort them .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a unix date is enabled .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  x is n*m axis==0: columns axis==1: .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling use gatling .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  getip use for stub emulation .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns object that is pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a secure object .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the if a survey is required to run a required descriptor to checks if a required course is not a required course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a limit: for whitespace .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for creating cross cross .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return the best available time zone from a zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  test an email to ensure its arguments were not listed in dummy .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of uniformly-distributed .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders filtered by user .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages installed in the system .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user and displays you are logged out message .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  transforms a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if the external role is an open request .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }isnotpresent' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  determines if the system is inside a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close a client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show the bokehjs bokehjs output .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve and return the parsed resource formats for the provided resource .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test readparser with and }}} issues in the given table .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the path to the rackspace driver for a given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into chunks .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the iso valued for the given iterator of the message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a boolean of information about the named package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  helper function to check variables with the same variables and preserving versions .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  create a nova auth object .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  optimization to pass to a document tree of remove0 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  get whether or not the computer is on a power value .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run a working command .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance configured in context .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate and return the url of the oauth2 request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified class .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to check if the given function return value is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  the efficiently signal receiver to pending when a model is created .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  provides a context dictionary from a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  the main version of this app .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  send events through the remote host .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in rfc 2822 format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is not a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values for a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all config files in a given package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring docstring not use jcr: .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke cache ingress from a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and return a error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user has permission to do a action .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  convert a dataframe to ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  simple example with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current line number within a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  determine if instance is vdi .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  build a dataframe object from a string and can be used as a format .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test for #148 .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a unsigned byte string divided by the auto python data .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the tree of the node that contains the first character .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  gets the description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  convert the slice string into a slice list .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute a sql sql con on the database and returns a list of sql .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the colors in a long integer .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return the url without any gradient in the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of the selected distribution .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if a string represents a valid python object .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  parse a namespace and return a dict of attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cc-establishment kernel for freq endpoints .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  returns an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that whatever whatever the ioerror attribute from an int .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  discover -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) link for the given node .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new web animations for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build the top level extensions for cpp .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get complex from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a hash of arguments for rfc one-to-one .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the first file data from a specified repo .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  used to load all test modules that home a test suite .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  get a list of availability for a specific instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the current time for the rpar .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core with core fitnesses using core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons function that takes parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill types controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  salt cloud handler .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  reads an http file and returns a parsed from it .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the backup for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches a message from the given thread and updates it .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  tries to retrieve all the original settings for a given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check if the git search is ready .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with a bug in different mode .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert multiple index to a single index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  checking if a class is a known method in the class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out the previous stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new json index for the given bucket .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm is an instance of the vlan or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take a repository of input and return a dictionary of config .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the default interface for proxy .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the function from the exc_info .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a base64 .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric value .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  get the status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  sets the current filter output .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns the find_config_files .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a value looks like an ipv4 uuid or not .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses the input data as a python object .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  read a config .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list of virtual servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse a python expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  populate the table object with a passed source .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the converter for the training in the approximate .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run unicode unicode on a single column .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to convert a crop of size that if lxml is positive .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a dict of changes of field names .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse the profile for a given interface .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and cdata string with the same arguments .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  an respect to time the maximums approximation .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a timezone .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the path to the assets folder if no folder is true .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be done in a pylab .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  tests whether a string is a valid number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process instance .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a graph .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style object for the given style .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a random sentence-like string .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that pydotprint does nothing and skips to_string to just a file .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts environment variables obtained by its value in an environment variable .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  removed files from user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  return a rfc-1123 date from a python datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the javascript craft function of data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns a path to the directory where head is stored .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 expanding if preceded is in the word .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run psea on the python report .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like iter_fiels but writes the node to the top nodes with the passed node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  to allow the services to be locked .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute a command and run the commands .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  configure the service to check for the gpg module .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an variation for the given argument .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  return the path for the given resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  generate a generator which will run only files and return a list of result result .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears the screen and redraw a given name .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a tuple with all unicode fields in the given array .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call this with a wrapper around the tensor to be completely created .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  return the most appropriate python unicode object in the given what happens .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  qiime qiime entries .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search a string for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter all file paths that match a given list of key-value pairs .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data from the training using the training data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  return the first load of the tree tree in the given compiler .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test intervals .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging with a stty-modifying .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime object for datastore storage .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  remove the module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top data from the list of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  add an exception to the form .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns url of operators .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the raw response http response headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  return the status of the given file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  find the directory where the given path is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the null hypothesis is that the distance between the expected distribution and the observed frequencies is invalid or the observed > .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the temporary file org/ .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a set of axes() for the given pattern and repeats the values of each element in the body of any possible tokenize() .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  helper function for copy_reg to sort aggregate .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the available module in the given directory path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones a security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized collection .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a connection to be a separate connection and need to load an instance of the connection .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the string name for the sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a fake options for each request .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that the given completion is a an actual file .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  to create an iterable of dictionary with the given options .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the next tag from the length of the container .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  main method for the last update files .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  given an index object .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure that all links are visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  return a content of the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove the canonical extension for a module key .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string or lists/dictionaries .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save a background editor to the caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  read pillar data from pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a maximum of side side in improved order .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  returns a wsgi response object for a wsgi request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file in a directory .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  if a a 100 event loop is enabled .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler to the internal cleanup list using the logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs the given package on the given package or located .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about a table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  frees a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a custom foreign key for the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  validate an external user that get its acls from .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability of the graph g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check for a file that matches the given max_colors option in the range of syntactically or <bokeh .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  consume the operations that will not have pending hub .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the code from the source code object code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new new folder .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if key is a generate key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a 2-tuple of the reconstruct docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  get the first connections on the current user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage usage for a given resource and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of vms .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping method for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of the zero correlation coefficient .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer and builder .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the configuration for a private account .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical command of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  returns the value of a method with this computer .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  return an iterator over the file with a given size and chunk removed .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generate a random word of random characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an rgb array to the shape of a shape column .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  display complete data .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  when a job is clicked .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure the application is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  helper to configure blueprints .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of dicts from a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  visit a sequence of integers .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get harris .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  return whether the request is ratelimited and not a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of the dictionary that is suitable for background_gradient .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node by staff members .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally of the given file and fills it in a separate file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a list of items to a string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails upload files via the clang interface .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function to open a file and return the contents of a given path .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we meet the minimum version of a package .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  maps aws summary to the users group .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test on lock lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a dummy view for testing purposes .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the amount of all active window currently active .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns a decorator that is used with authentication and permission to model_class .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message for use .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  convert dotted ipv4 address to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  check that a string with an expression name points to a python object that will normalize the string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  checking to make sure type is of non-nan .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in them .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the root stream .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle signals .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string of characters representing a phone number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  recursively select a sql object from strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  entry point for integer this function .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support html attributes .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  turn string into a string that can safely be used in an ascii string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a function that asserts that the specified validator .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a string representation of a given title .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network on the local network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the labels from an image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema for this support page .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get the list of text from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  unlock to unlock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a python object to a dict of dicts .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a chocolatey to the package .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  checks for missing and direction of sparse gradient in 3d .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an output notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  returns true if python module is valid .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  renders a comment from the comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render template with context .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the logging verbosity to the console .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like product .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  set up the key for a given username and tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  create a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate that conversion of currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a project by name .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  changes the repository reference to a repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a provided keyspace .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in folder exceeds the folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a homography header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the array permuted of the array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a string for a dataset to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  simplification of a matrix .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  new dashboard add or add .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  an oauth-compatible name in a nested string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  setup the command-line arguments listed in the command line .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  checks whether this string is a valid python script? .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  return only the first text of each locks in lck .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  computes the truncated range of a binary frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  return the string error code corresponding to the given name .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion exclusion build up builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered to the current user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a file path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get the current file path .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  send notification event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like np .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  add conditional or directory for a repo in the repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert strings to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph of size n nodes .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of updates from the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  transforms a list of items into an xml string .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model class .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  create a connection to a service .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  string-to-key the use of data with pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  create an array of object from a numpy array parameters array : 1d array .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on a database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  extracts the list of positional tuples from a list or location .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  raises invalid or other timestamp if the code is not a valid exception .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation currently chooses stable version .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that the fix data with the right key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  sample the params specific info that gets fed to be set .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  get a list of sql statements that contain a database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator to mark a task for a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert a system path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  return the most recent coefficient .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if output is used .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that the given value is valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  approximation of complex .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a dataframe .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return a list of packages that are installed .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  creates a certain number of methods to a function .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a and b are same .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data in the future using the rotating method .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  contributors across and contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  test client_id page .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test the creation of a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a single command list of strings .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a cookie of x_{2}^e rule .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test for #148 .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the validates to see if a valid config has not already been modified .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  a context manager for the driver .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  get information about a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a list of all unique groups .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  translates any callable into a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and the system is not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences of a list .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given product .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for order by sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  perform a simple normal interpolation between two points in a calculating point .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from the bundled 2 and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  returns the index of the all connected sources in l .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to decide which calculators are general cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  create a most appropriate class class for a list of tuples .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return a list of tuples of user activity the given user follows .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message into a pretty string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to patch up to patch .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id from the backend .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine the accept header to match the pattern .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  checks for the existence of the last module and returns the last page for the given user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the given string to a filesystem safe static string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  returns first kind of the first kind .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse an authorized machine .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate if the module is installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage scoverage scoverage requests .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  returns an entry with the arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve usage information associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the input list of variables that input iterable and orphans in the output that are in which match the container .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start the system and add a memcache to the current environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  creates a flocker record for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  create a row in a list of row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine the disk image types for an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return a list of objects representing a package named package names .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a users session by marking the users session session .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the existing system of the statements with the provided policies .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  check a message to ensure that the message is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create an output variable which looks like a list of strings .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg - gets suggested by the steam account .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  execute a brick wrapper for the given brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans up the directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file or url at a temporary url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create the default signal map for this system name .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  basic bot wrapper to the remote machine and adds it to the remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the order of the first kind of the order mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode name .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  create a string of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load the module if modifications is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  get the named colors from the given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  returns the number of permutations in an array .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the list of the feature ids that are not divisible by the input .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of records in the specified command .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  for logging not an exception if the system is not found .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default value should be raw .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the system_info sensors .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  find the installable address for a given ip address .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extracts the sublime version of the url and returns the resulting string .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that a user is absent name the name of the user to remove runas user to run the user under {name .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  plot the effect of a dataset .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information about a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  use the canonical path to import a migration module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test for tr5 of :class:i18nstore .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the list of all the manifest for the given list of files .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  parse combined validator validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish data collection from the event .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  this function creates an annotated message .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  a function which has a dummy variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the regression info of the current ldap regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes that are supported .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  deal with prime names and return a list of feeds .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  return the credentials for the module .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  tell the schedule and guard .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copies the creation of a temporary file and add it to another temporary location .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  generator that returns a generator of links that will remove all the given url from every url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which doesnt yet support filtering to access a location of a resource - used by gis .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  extracts the special text from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the database used by the bokchoy mainloop .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert a dictionary of pairs to a single string .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return appropriate readme for the received tool shed repository that have been received to a specified app .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  run a service and return its status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  given a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a canonical string into a list of recurrence occurrences .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  reads the next binary encoded data from the data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a list of tags .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls the testsuite function in order to downloads a simple cherry .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a wcs from an integer .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  clip a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy test data from media module to media module .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  returns position from string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send a simple notification to a interface using the notify method .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit link in a course .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  this creates a temporary directory that is deleted on the given root .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  produce the path for url_path .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as a list of elems .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign a function to the named service and will assign functions to functions to the location of the service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a document representing the given year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the snmp configuration value for configuration variable .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list all hosts within the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add or override the parent widget on the parent tree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the specified global level of the qiime_config dictionary is greater than the given global dictionary .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author name for the given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to content over the main loop so the implementation of the different subsites will be honored .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return the sum for a given step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  construct an ordereddict from a simple training output .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form with an optional form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  most version of the organisation() to support .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  returns the html key for a memcache .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module mods .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the list of script choices for the current schema .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator function to batches a batch of batches batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a complex .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that the cursor is set .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer file .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a model instance for the urls .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  adds the given model to the search .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory path object .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  generate a window: string .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project project delete confirmation .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a module file system path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in iso 8601 .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a list of random numbers of n in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  converts a function name into a byte string .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test working_copy() with evoked using a rsync polynomial .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  find all up to traceback with atomically .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: block this plugin introduces a game where users get points for the builds .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if tags contains lines .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a file from a filename and write the template .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  no-op to override the execution if all modules are not already exist .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create a dns server note: this will be used to hostinterface .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  import a data and return its corresponding path .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that the __pycache__ methods doesnt cause a formatting class or an exception if the basic class passed to a formatting args: status_code : the function call the formatting param
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return a resource component .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  while the parent directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of elements from a pydot graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  chown a user from a cola .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  update the category in a template .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  read a module setting from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  recursively write any tasks into a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  extracts and returns the access token from the standard set of app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a quoted string according to percentage of position start .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  returns a zfill .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  utility function to fix a column string and fix it to a docker column .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  url decode a filename .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  minimum of a tensor along an axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a randomly generated stochastic algorithm of x-u|x>u .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors and q and return the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network service .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the console axis label for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple argparse parser to add the parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of fragment settings for all installed packages .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf function .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  return a list of zookeeper ips in the location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function if it exists .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  called if config is not a config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  builds the default language for the current thread .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in string to make a spot for a db module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  get a profilelistfeed protobuf of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check transform .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dump the configuration file to the specified file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  helper function to check if a url has a cache url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  change the path of a test by wait for the duration of a specific change .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  display the comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the file is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  basic checking for the apps that completion to be built by the interpreter .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  evaluate a cell cell .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run a python node in a dictionary .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the file name in the form of: py .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  there is no more than the current transaction .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get complex columns from its status .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  set pipe such that pipe the pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  prepare a mock for url .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host info .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a single condition which fires a condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return all inputs .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  retrieve the specificed user object or none if it cant be found .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  turns a vdtparamerror into a string of ascii characters .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  return an object with an attribute for each conf parameter .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player of websocket .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given filename .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html tree with the same content as the scene tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of the hmac-sha1 of the given julian .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from a local file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  returns all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  return the error driver for the provided cuda graph .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the token to use for the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the reference to the settings file .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this will run the minimum manually .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  attempts to get a data source file for a filesystem .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the preferred output encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test sigmoid calibration function .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate a validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version number .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary crossentropy between tensors crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a hash .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test that "clock" works with unnamed from the table .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via http authentication .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a bokeh key for the given domain and post .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  take a list of module names and a list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the merchant along the specified weights .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  adjust the first event loop of the first event .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the given object is a single python object .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format a datetime object for human readable format .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if the python module can be run system .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  here squares for tests .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  try to locate the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  check that the current user is valid .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return instance of rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  outputs a value for the given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for a bug .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  this function is not needed to register unit require available uuid .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts a numpy dtype types to a stata type .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parse a string to a number of range .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filter names that match pattern and there are no results in the given list of paths .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  unserialize shape of the variable to a variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get preferred environment encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  tries to delete the local cache location .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  available list of available peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert input image to a numpy image .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds spec for the virtual switch spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  for importable group of performing an email addresses of the given user .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the user has permission to access a staff by a new attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of the mnist methods .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all repos in the repository that match the user to the missing repository .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  find all broken tests in the given list of tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  returns the default standard error type for a given package name .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event specification .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if the current user is a reset password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add sparse loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode a .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the file path for the directory of a directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a message containing the given address and send an email from a given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns a set of all the running settings for the specified settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an event .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a list of oslo_config options for a given worksheet .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common case common to registered for all modules in snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  recursively scatter function for sequences of objects .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for this given language codes .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return a client object .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters covariances : the gaussian model .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  determine if the specified kernel is present .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read a number of poygon cpus .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  dump a format module if mappings are no block .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  function of p-value of nth test or its derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a collection of field names in a group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  return tuple of tuples .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test tcp/udp a suffix of a file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update an image from the remote machine .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns tuple of two dimensional objects .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  checks if the md5 hash for a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  the mime entry point for a field .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  retrieve the given shell by the given shell to match the given shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read a sparse user comment options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration level .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for each container .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along a binary string .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel case insensitive strings .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  dry: return whether or not an error is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  if holiday falls on weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the argument parameters .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  attempts to stop a session on the random user from a named file .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  export export home assistant dir for operating system .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an empty list of targets that will be alive .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  try to return a store_fs where pootle_path and store .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  ensure that the attribute is a string :return: an iterable object .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  creates the gaussian filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a list of command-line arguments to be used in the options .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  build the list items from the active history for a history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory and a dictionary of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer optimizer make sense to a gpu op .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the default group of the user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the current request/thread .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  escape html chars .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  astropy a class with a :term:view :term:view .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  recursively clean a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  reconstruct the characters from an xml document .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  returns the total time of the given length .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to !!omap .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  creates a stack of arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run a background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the default directory path .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller - used to access to component tabs .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the total service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  bokeh bokeh the python 3 .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator to create a class that needs to be used as me .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector specifies the url for builds .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  display the output of the main line .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  check for a dataframe with composite columns or correlation computation .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return a json string representing the given indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  get all public projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a python cache directory .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive the given iterator .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  read in the executable root namespace .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get best comments for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that we can add the raster files to a file .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compiles a compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect with a post to a custom url .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull an iresourceview refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  template tag for the given path with the static_url arguments .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce an array of original strings .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  the max along the given axis .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the fast time of key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  generate html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return a list of the names of all registered images .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a serialized message on the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  checks to see if a container is a container is a container parameters obj : object to be a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  x is n*m axis==0: columns axis==1: rows .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern or pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return the unicode name .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  filter sequences which can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return any eat descriptor for the given eat descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a python object to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  simulate the inverse of a binary sensor .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  takes a list of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  utility function to check the request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table with verbosity 2 must not show only the scenario .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test basic resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course foreign_keys .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill a serie chart .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  given an instructortask entry for a given instructortask object .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a real real to a complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is a directory containing a link or false .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two integers are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred and a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  when a file is added .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the specified time service service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  job the most recent pages in a list of best .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load a singleton dataset .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert a string to a float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  multiply two or more part* .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  returns a list of supported by the installed python terminator .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files of a database .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy function used by adding body/content_type to each other .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the matches of the given expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  "harvest" a file in all zip and otherwise "local" in the directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  abort that all checks are loaded for the geos package .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the most appropriate data in the config .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the string to send to english .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the windows user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a package is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  returns exception string .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  adds the current context to the global context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill maxiter algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  get controls from bundle bundle xml set of controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  ask a string hook so that its section is equivalent in the path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a list of activities .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new api that spawns a new service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equation with special characters .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  automatically install a setuptools version from a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith column of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  display certname meta-fields .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  generate function for methods that tries to handle strings and key associated with a generator .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a series of series into a series of strings .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line which the first occurence of the lines in the line .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  get list of available brew brew .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  ensure that the inputtogpuoptimizer is utf-8 or plain ascii .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get a matrixsvg from an http signin .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  add logger to a list of files for the newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the number of antidivisors [1]_ of n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the next ips of an ip address string to an ip address .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a dictionary of utc timestamp to a string in the utc equivalent .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  return ipmi sample report .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  return a list of all wheels .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr of the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether an ndarray is raised if a numpy ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  convert a trailing path to a dotted path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on q .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to python oid .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step in the step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  reads a single header containing idle .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  show physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries the given query and return query result .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy a file store to a backend store .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  extends parameters and keyword parameters or a list of parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify the actual format of the files and signing_pub_key the proper format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to return the datastore if reading a datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a reduce .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this method provides a generator of parsed groups of mercurial groups in chunks .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  separate operations into an optional node that can opening the given column offset and is a dictionary of child offset .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture providing a lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  helper to convert the returned object to a com object that can be used in dot to pass to that gets the returned object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that the certificate for a certificate is valid .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  find a base environment with the given files metadata and saltenv configuration .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show and enter the common result of states .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an object in the given token .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  fill the inset file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  ' - get the users with the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called when an exception occurs .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of path to a cron file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  skip test if a function is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  generator to iterate over files and given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the configuration to feed into the database .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a few function that detects a few widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask the data .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  in the case of the main application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a list of pairs .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the data .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a dict of pep8 violations in the given report_file .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get all available *p limit .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  does nothing .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert a bitmap image to a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative of all folds in folds .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  memory - install before the system .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a specific file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb database or a list of objects .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend by a certain sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  use the contact function to log out the stub page .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalize the text by removing an rich text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a rabbitmq version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  sample sample function .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams redirect to a file .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse a user documentation in the form: generated from the given header .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a user info to the course exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the quoted and trailing markup from a plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope of squares .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  display the jupyter notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return the most appropriate user class that should be permission to this process with application details .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate and print a pyherion code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  change the modules to @return foo .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this method is called when parser is created .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect the container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  deterministic deterministic .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create the mongo client for the given port .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in site site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit an :class: .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two strings and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  simple page without template but with a little page .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an appropriate attribute string from the given xml .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the pandas url of the device path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the first rate of the given rate .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  copies the numpy array to integer .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the local path is running .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  attempt to remount a remount or remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the kid rsa encryption on plaintext key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a valid windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check whether x is enough and all arrays .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify calling queries on normal types w/ inheritance port_eth can be imported .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a query for simple node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  test that a character is still in the device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  close the status message and close to the dumper message .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  a helper function which can be called by the logger .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  asserts that the given node is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copy a query rl to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove the specified prerequisite content usage key associated with the given content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  validates if an encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception object from a string .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as list .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  this function returns a list of all the paths in a given column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display an element from the response page .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  run the file: and default group .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  smooth image data .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes so they can delete queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has target .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  calculating first product of p-value .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for all url namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the list of the local element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename a file to all items in the source .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  checks the version of the [\\\'"]' .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise an error if the request does not exist .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a table with no quoted objects .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a value of a python list by symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that in the provided vm .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  converts an exception object to its logical exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  returns a left-justified if a positive integer is an int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  maps the maps maps one or more requests to an alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  choose the sibling of a file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  clears the default gc object .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  returns the normalized value for the callers returner .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if a namespace version is not a namespace .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  recursively remove files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the current logged in the system to the request .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  set up all existing profilers to database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  fetches the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  a context manager for finding the common caching .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  fetch information about a node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate a html snippet directory .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  simple example of a date from a given year .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  6 6 read from the remote object .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which obtains a raw stream .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  customize compiler generated from the compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the active template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns a list of region codes from a service code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  initialize the module .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the details from opennebula concerning a particular monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  a function which can be used with a pg8000 interfaces .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  searches for an search of results and find its results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  returns a random string/key of the given identifier .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a string and return a list of scopes .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a dict with keys of function-group names and a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  check for a permission syncdb in the permission .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and return response headers .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of changesets for a multiplier layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  the fraction of poll_for .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the string error error error message for the provided mysql .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership objects .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  tests what happens if a string is not in .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the attenuation of a matrix in gf(p)[x] .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  get the unicode string of a python object .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a deferred that will be checked in an image .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look for a method that uses aws wsdl .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert strings to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  find a search result dictionary .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  get the number of megacycles used for the api .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  returns the given html with history .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  subdirectories up the old style style style style files for the staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require english project0 .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a graph of evaluation of basic variables in a simple units .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  get the first header of a http request string .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  return the deciphered function that can be used with a config or a config object .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal transformation for normal loglikelihood .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  prompts for a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  test that no input considering with a random number .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with no tags should respond with # .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract the tag names from a list of tuples .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to an url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a check is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  import the directory import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a single merge from a given coord .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a string to an object according to the context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the relaxed agreement in a step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  extracts the cache hash and update it .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if media permissions are of media permissions .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints pagination info in the provided pagination .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two inverses for same matrices .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper to get the stdout output .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate and return the python interpreter .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update them .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  removes all descendant nodes from node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return truth or a dictionary from a visible frame .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of all fontconfig .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  parse the generic function headers according to the function parameter .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to inform accept .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  force registration of a new user .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  a helper to call the action character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  block the call to setdefaulttimeout with a callable .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex from a given string of non-overlapping .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  set the default gc of functions for each gc .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of object and a list of indices .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance from a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a google container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an entity to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  get a symbol object from the datastore .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a tuple of integers or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 index .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with the search text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  about a generic container container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns the final component of the specified char .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  gets the set of all available line in the dependency .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the splunk_search module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  create a template report that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the answer method in the domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  get website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  call xxdot .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the implementation of packtag() .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the supplied path of package is a given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  toggle options for fulfilled items .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check the number of [random .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that records a function to be called .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if the given attribute is a method that applies a nodestate .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if configoptionparser reads a default value for pickling and will be ignored .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined error message .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the palette to each component of the given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of a given string .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get extra information from the extra string .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add attributes to lazily types .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for the master controller - all outbound organisation are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the dot product between two ndarrays and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create an appropriate style dictionary and imports objects from each module .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one or more inventory if single resource class is deleted .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add or add a certificate to site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  returns provided data for the given data .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge 2 dicts by adding the values to the data so that they can be updated into a single item in an application .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns true if the host is either same .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  elide filename into a single string .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  check that requirements to be used .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates trigger type or creates a new triggerdb db in the specified db .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a running container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  returns the headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get raw http error code .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  ensure that the minimum wrapper will be changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  run execution and exit .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  returns native .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for a connection .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from a file:// device and the hosts .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting limiting for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  entry point for this function .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return the string clients in the current clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the drop database version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this function generates all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  renders a form for the given template and renders it with a description .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates an ordinary group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the deployment_config_file deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the template attribute of the given template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the full url of words that is suitable for upgrade or influxdb .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  used by the natural library to parse emails .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy a new verbose' .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a test suite which return ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  hashes data with the base64 and the sha-1 hash .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the outset file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  adds the current workflow and state and function and workflow to workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the jupyter info for the given dict .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make sure that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  utility function for methods that return a horizontal object .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  get the amount of a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a numpy array to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all the possible build files and corrects .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  check if test is present and no extra options .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  helper to get a nullable type for a nullable link .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get the matplotlib matplotlib module names .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that is temporary to context manager .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file as a list of images .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return content matching a given file or a tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  convenience function for creating a context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  given a list of options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print expr equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load remote remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the table item from doc name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper around stdscr .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a base64-encoded string from a list of words .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup site help and install .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  takes a zmq curve version of interesting .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plot the time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate an open file .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the length of the two strings in a and b .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute sum of fitnesses in x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  a factory to check whether a resource is inside a resources .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  given a hash field .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a list of error in the tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  tests the unix sdk path to a directory .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the usage for a given user .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for reports .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  provides normalized trapezoid .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the string into a filename and right .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  sets the time zone .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks for the default paths and returns true/false .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform an operator and returns the integer part of the given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a tenant auth cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculate the percentage of the previous url-decode .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the list of available footer links in the footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store product product .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete a table from the specified where and clear .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place a specified order by specified value amount rather than one .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a list of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column that was not split correctly with positive integer columns .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a example in the given example .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  the smallest integer is a sum of floating-point and q .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a template to use currency to contact currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call appropriate keyword arguments and pass it to the end of a function .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  single state .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return an appropriate plugin of name .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  only load the module if apache is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more filesystem volume to another volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  comment: get or set the icondata for the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  converts a list of blocks into a string with the same lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create user list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create a new logger .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  ensure that the path is a portname .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  obfuscate -> recursively obfuscate the result of a dictionary of numbers .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to force the folders to be parsed back to the force season or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find the most recent version of our library if required .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain object for the given domain .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  get object directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute lc in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list group groups to a group .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model with all of its data from this file .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  translate a class name to a single string .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the document slug for a given request .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  check if user can be placed with a permission document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a list of pre-trained applications .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the param in the cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  returns a list of in-process videos for the given course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  create a class for a given dispatch .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  outputs the encoding of a tensor .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a new document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  create a series of the series expansion of the lambert polynomial algorithm .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  taken from various parts .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  hook to write warnings to a file; replace if you like .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the current db value for the specified db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts an unique list of all asserts from the string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task for the given key/val .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  grab the support with respect to dot .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the absolute path of the fonts directory .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two parsed pids with the same name .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  helper method to start the modbus async serial server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a default audio data for a specific audio context .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  create and initialize an variable with the supplied multinomial form .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing data that will be done upon repositories for this minion .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the state of the primary network .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the op node where the first node has been set .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  fetch revision .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number to the value .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a method that records a cached ~astropy .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  checks if two arrays are not close .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is & updates in use .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url to a given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the project .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the existing directory for which to use .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures all users on the minion .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  fixture that resets a blob for testing server execution .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  given a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a string to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a pandas numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return an :class: .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  given a balance name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  helper function to check the api key is a string containing api and exports for general stuff .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get class used to return the request type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  test the single bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the current adapter header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  returns a query string of the header dict .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the module .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  transforms the type to callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  adds a hook for a given type or a specific value .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  registered handler for retrieving calledback .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for grouped by "natural" tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  l2 distance between two classes .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a course_key return true if a course cohorted cohorted cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return unique list of unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  default function to return a list of parsed handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  checks whether return are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  repository manager .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect and collect the master and collect it into master .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  registers a flag that can be accessible like a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  this function returns the basic value when the buffer thats .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  try to retrieve openshift for a container .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate diagramm and precompute from show .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a string so that it can be used as an array with all the file names .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get a the currently selected items from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a hashed hash of a password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter items based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to a timedelta .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a new page at the given page .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  return the figure declaration .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  trims a symmetric matrix of the median .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively resolve an iterator of iterator .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a free disk disk as a string .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a single op .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete a token and all its subdirectories .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run the carving of a module .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem surface of a bem scale subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the user is possible .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a string of the requested interface .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the object value for axes and return its type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  use the concrete class to find the hashable of a class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings of common prefix strings by dir_name .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json generated queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes or bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as rshift .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get context object from a page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information about a flavor object from instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns the indefinite integral of a f-test dataframe .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module and initialise the appropriate readline library .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  helper function for raw compatibility with a string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt on the master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad a string for useful substitutions .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  when the response is detected .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the setuptools service .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  returns the number of bytes in a database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios are missing .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a basic auth string .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code language in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  checks matrices of matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy values for pregnancy pregnancy data .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test searchcommand .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this function sends an hdf5 context manager to swap stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  add a test case to an upload .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an anonymous site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create the current user id .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a pending reboot checks if it is pending .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  display a standard tab .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  indicate that the given text is logged in the series/index .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test for #148 of examples in dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning an editable package with a package .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a trail .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a random spans string for a given bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parses an http date format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  computes polynomial series of series .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an login login .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a finite random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  equivalent of integers and return as record as a base36 of bytes .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker plugin certificates on the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary of groups to a subset of the dictionary .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all iam subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend a path separater and returns its binary string .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow - show() mainloop is not required for gui backends - show() is usually the last line of a pylab script and tells the backend that it should be the
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  return true if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table names when selecting a qualified-table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if sgemv needs to be used .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the scaled sign to zero or more int/string inference .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  resets the top level and restore the logging module .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  in the subtree .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask the menu and return a menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  delete the service .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  given a list of sample_dicts .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the text for the text that the user has the bok-choy made by the command line .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  test if not .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject file into source .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set the errout .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute queries against fits directly .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test for info that is expected to fail an exception .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  pull out nested lists from a list of arrays .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  the pricing module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for people by skill .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a raw message into a list of integers .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test for image backends using labelsize plots .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  used for skiptest .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all containers in a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  label clicked on clicked click .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function is called by client when not called .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return a string padded to a number .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  comand -> bool return a bool formatted string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear svnfs cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  return a dict describing the history history history history .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function of a sequence x .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return the path for the file: of a disk .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get the first component of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and see if two strings is same .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a single function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  parse the summary of a article from a mathjax article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable script .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tuple of events to pass in .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  model model query by id .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a symbol for the given number of bytes .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  access to the event loop running .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  the vim function is something that is only reference to the vim module .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  set the effective group of a specific group cli example: .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all the userroleassignmentdb command and save them into one .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete multiple documents from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the number arguments: - string: the alphabet to use for encoding .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  check if each version of the current site is clear clear .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the url for the course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list of user objects .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if all github is available for the current workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a string warning message to be used .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  attempts to get the signed ca certificate from a google executable .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  ensure a string is a list .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path from source to destination .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator of sum of terms .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test slashes transfers transfers .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  remove a registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  concurrently to call an systems .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all the lexers contained in a lexer cffi .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the options and return a list of triples .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  simply rewrite attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 cloud storage .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask the user to better the given question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse a text .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  datetime object of a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  override a new timezone aware datetime to a single time .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  return a weak weak from a list of integers .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref that are followed this is the given number of versions .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test whether or not an expression is true .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test the function to test the desired stack gpu .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  try to temporarily converts a string that runs the compiled module .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find the child vector where the noise value is dummy or below a random vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate between other statements .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info info for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator that decorates a function or method in a stdout stdout .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest version of the named image .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background events and task .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save and save a given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  convert a number in bytes into a formatted format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy processor processor .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  send a bunch of messages on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper function for hub page .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly get a unicode string from unicode to unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  construct a string from a stream .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test table replace change functions with standard column format .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start date on memory-friendly trees .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  helper function to convert axis from the time response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes step as named groups and groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr in human readable representation to a string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  generate the version string for an rpm version of the rpm rpm version string .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which very short special characters .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  tests the signature of the hidden inverse .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns the first local or none of an api_key where the first ip address is either afi .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  creates an access token for use in configuring .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select the directory path .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) of b1 can safely be eliminated as an extension .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  private method must be called as a performance .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  a helper to build a keystone client for a specific project .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  returns the l2 l2 l2 over the projection lim .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  simple way to check if ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a complex loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to make sure that an api is not a valid set of characters or not .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  perform a key function .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  removes been visible between elements and sub .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load the coordinates for two linear member using the spec .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the args match the first argument passed in .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue if not already exists .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  evaluate input .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate the arguments and a function .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing a package with symlinks installed from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a gpg for the gpg package of the gpg process .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a function *fn* .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  replacement for install and return .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return the base64 encoded object for the given object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  implementation of potential regression .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert the type of courseenrollment and values to an object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a helper function used by a velocity velocity .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  adds some data to xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an item from a dictionary of named key .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  aux function .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  returns a dictionary of common configuration methods and a lists of common configuration methods .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  registers up the database to another hypervisor .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if a vm is output cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  this function is used for client and can be called at a given realm .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of errors that indicate the resources for the specified configuration .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  creates a temporary file path and returns the list of the given unix .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  get a mapping of all available services cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set data in clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check that a slug name is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursive function for :app: .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns project object based on its acl or object .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  convenience function that get an thx to the output: window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge a set of bokeh info into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  as part of the addparentstofks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a non-regression .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  serialize the given object to a shell_env .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  makes a increasing passed file .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the full version of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set current movie handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  shows all events to match the account with a given request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  function to extracts the python source code string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the in a circle using the approvals sensor .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  test for solving of reuse properly split like those migrations .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  extract information from the setter .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a complex path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the sparse variable of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  recursively rebuilds a expression to expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  harris harris of corner <url for a given tensor image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from the class wiki :class:spyne .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  makes the response objects for the mac .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  find python files in the given directory .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running in the server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add multiple hosts to the hosts file .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  knowledge view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email to the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  ensure the compiler / assert works .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load all distance from a file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  makes a test suite of l .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of readparsers function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  does the commit itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check to see that use library and prevent version .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return the most recent blank character .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and course_id .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single locked forum in a locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of python extensions in the system .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  translate a document to a single level in the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate specific qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this function is used to return a type that will return a list of images for a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove the given url from the beginning of a string .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven execute the build using the provided build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom view for indexing to demo .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores an existing plugin configs from the configuration .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  create an expression object from a part expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return a byte-string version of s .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test to_device copy of text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string to crash for .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  parameters obj - the object to be checked returns validator - returns true if object is a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  compound_statement : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify zfs arc for a multipart .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the given signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of covariance of the boxcox of the horizontal thread .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds the numa requests to the numa requests .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests if we can load a numpy file and folder with it .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  if output is not a wildcard file .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates the host provided in the db .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to implement the language-code language-code from http header .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements given a and b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a url instance with / updates .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a flow is an flow .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a hook to the creation of the model .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the given function into a dict of arguments .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  convert the first energy of a square integer n to a specified number .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore ext2 on all key-value pairs from a table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of font files for all available system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  create a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create summaries .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  creates a function that converts a geometry object from a entity_pb .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  makes the extension from the specified trigger .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  try to mock a oc version of the command .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a single instance of a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the partial text with the elide name .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  set attributes for update options .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  ensure that the namespace is parametric .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure default .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  template route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  return logger or none if not found .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  generates a single fisher .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return kernel_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator that converts a function into a python3 .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a incoming sample model both read-able and a given layer tile .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute the gauss-legendre of a polynomial in k[x_0 .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the configuration directory .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the split the specified output .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  filter limited based on stack of channel .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the left in a set of pairs as a list .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body if present .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the contact .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  dummy method for raising a resource mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  get the first normal leaf assumes expressions in a leaf .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  am am .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  deprecated: override the latest system override a generic view in this will override the given action to override the given action when running what it is false .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  provides the cache backend for the given backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  get list of files .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get value corresponding to json output using value trimmed .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find the symbol from the given file path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all files which are not empty .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl complexes to a list of these acl that contain a single string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a pull request .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns the percentage of the hermite interpolation .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm use rvm for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of mean-squre-error that are added to the out-edge point .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  an application that displays the request environment .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  runs a folder and uninstall the result from a virtual machine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  subscribe a bunch of mailchimp to a given mailchimp data .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if an image is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create an ajax for the locale locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  the i3 .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task object for a given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns all user invoice for the given course or course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  multiplies two rows in a matrix .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for all functions and step .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  converts a scalar object to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a slugify with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  given toc allow/deny .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  split a list of files into status of status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test for a lazy client .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  convert a file reference to a uri reference .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate a connected component of the graph g in subgraphs .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates in the directory tree .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all user quotas associated with a given name .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  convert a class or list of dicts to a key/value .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler divergence_ loss .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  find the longitude longitude to the earths .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get the nullhandler logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of operators used for an interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove all csr or a handler reference from a handler .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return the indices of the minimum variance of the input array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used as methods to strategy .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials to support safe by replacing images on swift .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  returns true if any of the marketing marketing marketing link in the list of names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  generates the description for url_path application .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint and returns the output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get hourly used to unpickle codenames w .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  defines event for events .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi by collects the ratio: that should be gitconfig .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  generic error message handler .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  transforms an html snippet using a text .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  helper function to authorize to the request .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class and update it .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  run the python command and at-exit .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  set the users one inradius using the eia args: c : if cpu: cpu: cpu: .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  assign for the object to the rating of the instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests if a position angle between a number of directly .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test the show_negative_chains directory for no projects and cookiecutter() with the given project .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the current working path for path of a file or directory of the given relative path .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks the function as being run in the view mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns an confirmation message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods which should only be used with the same as bench .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  finds the url for the courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a piece-wise .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the system monitor resolvers according to the google cloud storage .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory directory named directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a specified service is available on the system cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get an understandable line from jinja error output .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if python interpreter is running .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to apply to normal data .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a string into a list of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  take the of seconds from each of weeks and return a list of weeks .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  removes link from a trailing / xml document .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  create an image of the default image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a unique key for a course asset .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest tag of the latest version .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  remove the given logrotate script .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup the given command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  search a list of the elements that are _fixup_ins_del_tags; and returns them .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return a set of instances of a class .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with pkg .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from scale-independent / add the yule-walker to the junos font .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  adds the current application to the http request .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the special text from a string and return as a python object .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  this function determines whether the node is higher to start the current node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  registers an sms session .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single test case .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the operating system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for a specific object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a generator that resets the tags to a generator .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  return the packages currently being _test_time in the minion datastore .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  check for eeg allocated two-sided for eeg computation .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  rotate a polygon in os-independent by subplot maximum_size threshold each polygon in permanently .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine dns .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given pdf given by an equivalent report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  recursively set the state of the function by applying a given state to the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw post data in urlencoded format to a python data structure .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get the query from the users api query .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an payment instance .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array to a file .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  utility function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  take a string representing the appropriate layout and return the appropriate version of the array which can be either 1 or a list .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property cibfile command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a emails and add it to the user .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that can be coerced into a allowed instance .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the standard error .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get account information from elb .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  return a specific host object for the host or host .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  returns the pillar data .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  for bug strings .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find find connected to use .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a package package is already installed .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dotted path to its canonical path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  returns a string to be used in format where the lang_string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  display all commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if text is a type of dns .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  converts the full path from a file name .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  see if an exception is a bunch of checking that a given sender id .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the docstrings of a class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the device to use for a given request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the module name of the given data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the regular expression seqs .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  turn all remaining score in db from db to json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  just prevent keyword arguments .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  find modules in the given path .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  bulk delete floating ips by context .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  take a list of lists and a list of lists of lists to be referenced by the form .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that occur in this vmware environment .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  ensure that the target list refers to be checked or a shouldnt .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  create an unordered list of tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns whether or not a user has wiki for the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file path to a directory .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository changelog repository metadata and the received repository that depend revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an rrset with the tree of the given content handler .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get migration mode by instance and instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  tests if a number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are distinct .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a filename into a decorator for the filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the encoding encoding that started an iterator .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask by equations them in a dask table .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  markov of log computation .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a list of content of is_defined .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  a little helper function for filtering an object .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compare two strings and return a list of all sub-directories in the same directory .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the network status of a nvp server .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  get the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks if a function is valid .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new api key cli examples: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are not always populate .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  change the json for a collection .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  return message storage object .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id columns in version of postgresql .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  find element in predicate by predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if data is a query for use in query .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse and xblock the key for usage_key_string .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  rabins polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  try to install the tornado version .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  receive a function and set it .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the container info for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  this function is used to unpickle in a custom file .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  return true if the graph is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  takes parts against sequences and returns num values .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install one or more arch packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert a calculate .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of models for the given models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  encode the problem as deprecated .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the authorized users dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces the repetitions of a particular image .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  perform which topology which is topology from the host which is 2 .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and locates the current year .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  convert the first element of the data to the last element of the month .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  setup a rule to be used as a tree to test an object .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  ensure the key/value pairs of a given vname .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  create a draft item from a location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check the validity of the users parameters .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  internal function to get a list of cookbook or install .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search for a list of packages .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  return an docopt in a list of submitted .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  fetches a list of all opened opened .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  decoding decoding image by a fixed file and write the string to a file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the feature oulines are longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on the quota system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  a unit unit string formatting for the eigenstate to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a property by name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the default registry that a user will be created .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  ensure target strings is a copy of target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list a specific monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an affine image back into the new video shape .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the noop node that is readable by the opening transform .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open the temporary directory to open file that will be tested for the context manager .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity from a list of compute predictions in a circle-like .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a testsuite that match a python statement .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  private method checks if a key is a valid value .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean dot product of the vectors u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  create a humanized attribute string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  get all indices in string .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the dictionary of credentials for a given key file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy the list of oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get the current photo from the database .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  create a simple bunch of event data for the specified xblock .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity similarity of two similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the name is actually a string containing key-value characters .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  transforms from pull from pull email addresses into a pull account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if the load matches the specified predicate .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  return a dictionary of information about the autoencoder .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  adds a wrapper around 2 .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of a clientexception or subclass based on an httplib2 response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an error if unknown .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  returns true if the given object is a device memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the equal plot boundary .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  change the amount of memory allocated to node .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by node id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  print a dict .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct method object for an instance of a method .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is debug .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize the relevant application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  runtime the current branch .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates an admin url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  convert names into tuples for group and groups .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  indicates which test unless you are not a given instance and instance uuid .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  get a list of users .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  return true if the given host is either an exact match or not .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture which provides a mozilla class for tests .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  docker-py print integration .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  helper function for started traverse results .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the original function of the target_shape .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blob-ish data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate the require sockets in the ssl way .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  display the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image scale based on dense input image .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the disk timeout of the current instance .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write the data to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return dictionary of checkresult executables .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert a hex image into a sequenceexample .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  take a sequence of n and return appropriate partition .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges multiple dictionaries of pairs into a single sort .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  return a correlation matrix containing zero values .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind a row to the column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a bool of the first expression in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the right value of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  ensure the score to be a message .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  test whether an object is of a given type .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  correlation of labels .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the natural logarithm of the sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dictionary of more info for a log or message .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  perform a set of traces and returns the container product .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert the output of a binary identified by flooring .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  a convenience function to generate a torrent number .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of resource pools from given table representing the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a write to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  docstring for build .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for volumes mounted on the system cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a string to use in the django page .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that will temporarily change the context for the given action .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies the deletion to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short platform for the tap platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a partition where any filesystem is valid .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set basic auth for use in openid authentication .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge 2 .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check for arguments .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover and discover any of the modules containing python modules in the given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip test if test decorator is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the first header of the given input .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the qutebrowser process with a given process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  return a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two entity objects .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line and return a dictionary of command line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add a public key to the public keys .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias open a resource of the rootobject process .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  provide data for a course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decodes a file from the given path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  mimic numpys format for the actual frame .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  verifies that the command filename exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns string representation of a string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  check if the given port is returns the port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  set the value for currency formatting .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named signal is absent name the name of the given signal to remove user signal to remove user signal from merging .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate the input components .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  read in a file and return the contents of the given file-like object .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  enter users password and log the users password if needed .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as a decorator .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  helper function to return the expires certificate in the user environment .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  find the *l2* order statistic in bins .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms class for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extracts a dictionary of key/value pairs from a list of key/value pairs .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns default contact_type for integration that int->json have satisfied .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  reads the first helper function that returns the depth of the tree of the tree of each input .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  delete an image from a header in a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  test the default phone .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is greater than or equal to the version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a single key values to a enbedded key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print the output of the given data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  revert polynomials in k[x] using revert .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the content of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests the creation and overriding classes passed in .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding a function or method to command .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the pyopengl name of a package in the currently running .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the given catalog name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  convenience function to out-degree to see if more than one are not a valid open path .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix for two groups/clusters parameters results : result of a regression .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a regular file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller - used to allow hr to num_gpus: on hr .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  not an warning .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of the names of the element in a global way .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist - gets mobile spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk a vdi and textual its reference .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  creates a property property that has a definition as its flags .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update to push the update operation .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build an egg dictionary containing the egg of a given egg .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  get simple ip address of the local machine .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  match a topic to a given document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  checks if a filename matches the correct python file in the current directory .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  parse a single item .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a ring .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  inverse of the elements in a collection .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder can be used with a list of urls in different locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the names of all roles with the given role .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  change the group id of a specific user .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  test tcp/udp a history file .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to supply an interface .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  maps the long-int .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a list of tuples .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path for the given script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill markdown attributes .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics on a directory of abundance otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  generates the first argument from the function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  completion the tag for known this project .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the string representation of a path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new package views on the provided datastore .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  automatically creates a dynamic indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the site is associated with the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list to a numpy object .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes for mixin .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string from a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for timing methods .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform the database record returns a deferred .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  builds a dictionary of subs and a square .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  a view for all requests .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python implementation to take and crops to strings .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log the internal logging system for all classes .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  helper function for parse_results() .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_positions works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant directory .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  scheduled stream after the duration of garbage .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a string of tokens and return a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns the spacing matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a decorator for methods that single positional arguments .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  generates a dw dw .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if the given url is a valid html header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  attempts to extract the column name from the given database name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph to display it with a maximum line size and optionally characters .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip test if the matplotlib command is not available .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the given expression .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in use .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return a tuple representation of the matrix b^k by s .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  leaves dirty flag for a running thread and resets the dirty flag .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for a group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize image using cumulative distribution .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  sets a the .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes a value into utf-8 encoded string .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a second digest for a given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create the pid for the project .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of cpan main configuration values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume group exists .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  try to initialize all counts for a issue connector .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  returns the number of bits rather than the given number .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  returns the last message for a given month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns the tree in nested tuple of the given graph g .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function to generate the main processor .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that item at the end of the given position are not equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  tries to create a scheduled branch .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a link is a symlink .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a plain file and its modification times .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the printed output of the code that temporarily block the context manager .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  indicates the first 3: variables .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the lowering url for the given login .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  get all groups .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros translation file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from a http request and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional yaml model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test for url with no arguments .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  calculates the source space between the vectors .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  creates a certain number of methods to a function .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns a count of gzip .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  returns a serialization or the input queue in the path .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple celery celery application that expects the celery time to avoid python ping .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to create a new profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the next volume pair .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a file descriptor given a filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if namedtuples are not deleted .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with contents for each topic tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds data to the db database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an alternative optimizer .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert iterator of all the form column into a dictionary .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait for the javascript variable to be used in the config .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict that is an ordered dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  glue input .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send an email to a new email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check to make sure calling unicode name .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value is a positive integer or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  checks that the admins header contains missing microversion .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is saved .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  constructs a intersection of items:: or source distribution .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  get a resource data .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  test the use a skycoord class with c .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  the interface mode of excview .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a w2p app for tests .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a bok-choy literal string for an ipv6 address .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show comments .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that resets a blob for a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a unix tunnel tunnel on a server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller - not normally exposed to users via a menu .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see whether the file already exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload a folder to a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  the args for bigfile .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print a portion of an exception .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cores .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns a list of blacklisted to a cron string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add sparse loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return missed part from one end of the tails distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the minimum item of a function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for methods that accept cuda property .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do a registration registration .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a custom 404 handler but showing a custom 404 error page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  fetches the specified replacement of the specified app .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from the specified filesystem file and return a single string .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  simple function to simple user .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy a file or a directory from src to the destination .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  returns a list of blacklisted .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename is a directory containing an object .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  return the list of available dns records .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 timestamp and returns a utc timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return the salt cloud storage .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a :class: .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  compute the basic or preprocessing for x and class the delta at x .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test passes when logging a qt_log_ignore message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  find the best match .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  convenience function for checking if a string is an int or not .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a vector to a binary matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  render the oauth dance function and open the twitter token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  takes a courses date and returns a formatted date .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  automatically run a user from the specified root .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compute the total import combination and migrated a vdi .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use the string for deleted words that are deleted when a substring > .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  returns an url for the given context and filters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  return the internal component cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  emitting and remove all receivers .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a clsid into a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  removes leading and trailing "s .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str url-decodes a single newline .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  removes html or xml element from a http header .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a series of flaky logs over the specified runner .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get previous updater name for updater .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return libxml2 or ?unc if the path is a conda path .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  plot the scatter trace .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  open the default error handler to always be called in the handler .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  this function calculates a key for the given certificate pointer .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the values of the matrix from row & key .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a fan if each object has passed each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  get a specific class object for a given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  try to enter an expression if it is a good expression .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  convert the hex string body to a binary file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this walks takes the string as a properly .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve all diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create an sgml/xml via pcs command stonith name for the stonith use cibfile instead of the file for which to use cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  display a results of a figure with each component figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get the path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  train a higher model and returns a document .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a table with trailing row in the table spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available lamps cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  check to see if the psql is in the false}for .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  the main function .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the given user can access the descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that the parameter count is implemented with the given count .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  return a functions and kwargs kwargs for functions with the given type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the cci object is a normal lookup .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a class with the given roles and roles .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to keep only desired axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load the kb file from a dataframe and get a list of messageids .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  test account version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of a package installed in the hadoop .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  ensure docopt is raised .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  solves a series expansion of the series expansion of a series in the series expansion of p .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  configure the ['ipmi on the default * network is set to the power of the state functions .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  returns the bracket hash of a kapacitor function .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  the text representation of the next tag for one tag .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  yields the execer for a list of execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  try to authenticate to find the most oauth token in source .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set the thing module to a given value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lists all end commands .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that dictionary works as expected .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check the cell fields in the cell list .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies signed or dates up after the guest dates .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the folder name .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode a raw base64 string .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verify that all mailchimp have been added and returns true if lists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a module object for the given module name .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user has an .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  get the currently configured localizer localizer .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge the given value into the cache .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  detect terminal size and return tuple = .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts a rgb components to a string .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is importable .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run the given command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  helper function for searching for the first element matching the target xml element etree .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  makes sure elements are valid .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  this function is called from the current thread .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  expands as in pwnstaller .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with data and initializes first element which doesnt create a dict-like class .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of os .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a script_templates .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks an integer is a valid integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  computes the gaussian mean over a gaussian distribution .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id update this comment ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all original attributes and ties from a ties .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns the given data with the given mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  converts symbol to a collection of symbol to unicode plugin loads them .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  change api users api to the request .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  disable traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes the string for inclusion in a url .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  test that format is a proper buffer with a format that precision is not a format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a list of channels that are compatible with a given channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a context manager to mock registered in transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if a node is an event on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  get the notification type for this user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  return the temp directory path which is created .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block of indentation .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache from the cache object to the cache cache directory .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return a path to an ini version .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  display all country hierarchy from the country - used by the country map .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  initialize the module .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns proper proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert the input string to an integer .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister a review hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  get a repository_review object from the model class .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return the list of available instance sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns nagios plugin and matching the nagios plugin .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to decorate a test if the current container is false .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  list keyring on a node cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  measures -> list extracts the elements of a node .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  the predicate on a single compute .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : lparen lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for methods that should only be updated during the transaction has been updated in the transaction .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid and generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help with a help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  add all of the log-likelihoods connections of the id for the gpu that exist in the portage spacing .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service to return the current machine .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  calls url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of available versions .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  copies entries from a list of entries to an already had .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : file_input newline | testlist_multi .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add a ground domain to f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin a d e .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  format the status of a github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts table in the vo file .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a new condition in a normal format:: patch .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper for converting a selector or a selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  handler for the students .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return all tags .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  loads a caffemodel object from an xml document .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert an ipv6 address in printable representation to its iso representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  test that input file with bad input and copy it to the docker function .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test coregistration .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  solves a 2d numpy array .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress gzipped data .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any options that will run traffic with a pcap .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  consistent consistent chart using donut .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real to real kivy .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial and expected results .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  ensure that the named dns record is absent name the unique to remove users .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  try to tarfile a tar or a path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unicode hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick only auxiliary channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  the test runner can be used in a tradingenvironment to nonfunction .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new virtual disk to the specified vm number .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  snapshot the desired host for a random host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  change table to a binary .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  print output of cmake information for the machine .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the version string for the current thread .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies are running .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of functions of iterable and return a single benchmark list of iterable of all items in the evaluation of a function .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  return a context manager that temporarily change the ui plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  string representation of the provided domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generates the order of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  wrapper for the message from the given message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  autostartup chardetect .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that a token is not found in the class .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint that will try to remove all unattended from the viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki in the given url .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use processes and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a qos to a network based on the recipients email address .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the files in the given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  generates the full task for the given command .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  find the cost state of a dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently set network time time :return: the current time time on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a storage from git repository .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  a users personal library .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  the himmelblaus of a neighbour rule .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  create a new repo .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get an http url from an http request .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  apply a function that returns a sparse matrix for use in the evaluation .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return whether we can show the given context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  installs the epoll() server .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  finder a finder function by name .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds the layer model representing the match .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return the signal for a signal .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of an ssh server .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  loads a plugin plugin from the given path and returns it .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a volume to the container .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  perform a callback as a default conda .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  the python implementation should have a unicode or a unicode .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of a region graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an ordered list of integers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the course_context from the register usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns the name of the property specified in the string .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  gets the compiler version for the compiler given the compiler compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user prompt .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the spec for a human readable dataset .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  return the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the stable are returned in the order of their position in the stable series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a function that raises an exception if f is not a ff .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse list or quantile .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  generate branching branching rules from a tree .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  create app-specific columns of type t .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the /etc/hosts string made for an user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  temporarily store a record in a temporary audio .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in supported language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save the configuration to the specified filename .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the objective function for computing the objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  testsuite runner .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  gets the preferred channels .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture to mock and setup the use of the given request .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns a google revision for the repository revision changeset rev and the received changeset revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  set the current subprocess .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log likelihood of the second kind .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  create an instance of a test from a ip_nonlocal_bind and return it .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile files under python source file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts an entity into a json object .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the installs object corresponding to the given ref .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that wraps a method to be profiled .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the width of the dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  construct a list of arrays the : 1d array .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  convert a precision string to integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a thrift page from a file object and return a filemetadata object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager that logs out and exit .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes the mean of a color by decimal and mean .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes an external network router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  returns a string with the cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  getrandomnumber:long return a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called in a script to display runner as a unicode string .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  find a model path to a specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse a pyjs character .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a string to a natural sequence .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  predicate function to find the message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dictionary for the given name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  parse a string from an joint header into its component parts .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if all regions have the same country available .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a list of events are allowed to encourages the same .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all implement from a database .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  prints a tty to stdout .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  sets the global registry entry in the point registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check to see if pandas is installed and is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array of values with the specified axis .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a portage package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments only used if running mulled .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  ensure that the version set to detect which 5 are allowed to detect which one of the graph .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  simple simple simple url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 url for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pretty repoze extracts the head from the catalog catalog at the given catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  returns a file items in path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  delete the synchronize subdirectories from the datastore .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic server module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show if a certain page is missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x by applying samples for cohens_kappa groups .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given billed .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  common directory if path is a valid directory .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate all valid values matching the given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  returns the default xunit object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if not exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download results from a format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator for functions that causes a function or binddn time in seconds .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the file and return the python object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to convert file to profile_image_names .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read and get the docker-compose file in a pre-release directory .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  joins two 32-bit expressions where a and b are unified .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a function with a lock .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect receiver from a signal and updates it in receivers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make a dataframe representing the group labels for each frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated replcement is the function .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list all instances by service .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  turn html version string into a native version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision are / a revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  group table descriptions for each group in indices to the table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  get list of arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dictionary of the mapping data with the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check if the given json file was logged in the list .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test that when a record is called .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  index page for authenticated users activity stream .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  format a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  install simple limiting test .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  like quote() .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build a tracing url for a bokeh request .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert a string elements into a decimal timestamp .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  return the largest first strategy of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation navigation items for the given page .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  return the datastore of the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a certain salt command is still insecure .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  make time like 1h time string .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that requires an http authentication of a test .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  returns the standard python standard include directories in a given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  returns the translation of n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a new tp .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert a string argument to a list .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  returns true if the linux from mounted to bind a linux interface .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate and return a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  old name for each time in the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a name to a filename .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  return a temporary directory that is unique to each test function .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extracts authentication credentials from http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  assert that expected grammar raises appropriate if bad is not a bad type .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is a string .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the memoized module with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  stack all the cyclic attribute names in a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns grid data for a grid .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  list vms on this azure account .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the s .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a sorted list of configured meta .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  convert a cholesky matrix to a cholesky struct_or_union possible .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds a kernel name for the bootloader with the given tag .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for the given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : id .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  decorator that checks the correct bug and applies a specific bug to it .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of unique key names and key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  equivalent to one .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around blockmatrices version of the image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  sets up the module .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  function to get the list of the data files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data on the fly .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  a simple function for the low-level info with a audio encode an elastic elastic .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for the provided host + host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test print .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  inject a network device into a partition .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  resets a previous port for the current thread .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return unicode characters of an arbitrary string .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  get the libdnet/scapy and add the string listing .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper around file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc dialogs .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list keyring for a service cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  runs the function using the getargspec method .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all files on the container that in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the system result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the swap size for a vm .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  try to obtain an app call to a k-fold yaml .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show the locally .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  folder for all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response object from a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy dtype or dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait for a condition to become available .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  initialize the module .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  call expected probabilities .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  makes a dummy variable using the provided class decorator .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password using the mysqls attachment key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp history for the arp .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  write the bson string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom model to custom function this is a wrapper around custom model class .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face from the xmltext .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  group together identifier and asc/desc and post will be empty .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a test model populated with the given parameter .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining use shining if the build has been initialized via the builds will create command .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : lparen expr rparen .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a new expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  find the stack arrays in a tensor .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the spherical code for several value .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  convert the given string to an int .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets the artist name for the current thread .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  respond to an entity index .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute evoked vectors using interpolated fields in evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  center circle .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a function that returns the indexes of all nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  this function is used to mark a url for a 1-d replacement for a page without checking the url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for use in templates .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  return an initial store .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree with the same length and right values .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the initial contact dict with users contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications owned by a list of modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used by those those frames that do not change anything and flushes .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  pass the two types and creates a floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn an nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable the named docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font listing .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string of a template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform a source string into a uri uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  make sure numpy array is unicode .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  line; line; minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper around docker client .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  the reader should try to make sure the number of data columns .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return the url of an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  test if no user has not equal to the project with a list of dictionaries .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  determine distance between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  get a class object for given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transforms the given :class:oauth2provider to the given property type .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap a function to create a loader variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  determines if a review can be created .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true if the system can connect to an exception .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get the number of workers in the named workers .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  get the terminal for the given locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom limit_dict automatically complete app_iter .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  a basic exits to a note: mode and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove a file reference from the filename .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string of the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  call a soap fault from the given actor .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  get firewall list .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  get the server .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get the equivalent of nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image object from pil .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove all padding of a substring in a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field mapping .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a dict of services that a directory with a given path and a list of search_maps .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get the list of all pids of a network device .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all services that match the specified binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test whether x and not #148 .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe so that all arguments are separated .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of units that are prefixed with only one of the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handler for azure .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the configuration value for a given server .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  net -> int calculates the vech sum of a matrix .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test label with source space for label inputs .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the list of hosts entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets about the about the given about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given tail is a resource .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the map of an array .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  quick start denied .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  return an array on partition that is like empty array .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  create a docstrings code string from a list .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get the template for a source file with source .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  remove the given string and add spaces to the given string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum labels of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  add some image images to the reference image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  check the string to see if any of the supplied args are escaped and set the result as a function is missing .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete all ; menu .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of bytes .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  run an action on a server .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message to the next request .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  list objects for a given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all entities of keep specified fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  determine whether user can permissions are desired for this document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns a formatted string of a dict .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  assume a named service is running .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of steps to declare .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  opens up the message in a file .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of resource pools .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter all filters and lead errors in select .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize the points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a swarm in a $bindir .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  custom imports should not cause a more terms .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the full path of the given command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach an existing load-balancer to a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  get the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  turns an error string into a single mime vary header dict .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  check an exception raised for l{banana raised for given error .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the list of the names of the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of values in the given list .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the data from the given protocol and return a dataset class .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  recursively lowercase the provided keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  transform a color to a hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that adds acl to the request if a user has expired .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 hash of the v1 .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs silhouette score according to the covariance matrix in sparse matrix .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary string into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run a command and return its stdout/stderr as a string .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end test for pip show command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  affine norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  find a table with the columns from a list of columns .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  dispatches numbered the numbered methods should be displayed .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  multiply two labeled polynomials from f and labeled .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the integer representing a list of names given a string and the number of congruence .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for a specific cloud profile .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  return a qrcode with a given private key .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that contain the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials for aws credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  handler to configure remote server .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a private key to a specific username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repos in the opkg .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces and append the source spaces to a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip # markers at the front of a block of text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users exercises .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email when a calendar of a failed email flag .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  url encodes a utf-8 string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the core dir for the project .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string to html .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get the devices this hosts are not implemented in the systems systems .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  applies the specified expression to parse the ldd and return a tuple of .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to ssl hosted .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  walk a nested path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to an url -> url?p1=v1&p2=v2 .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : file_input newline | file_input stmt | varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  check that the user is not allowed to do the ckan : the action of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify an instance tuple on a method name .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  recursive function to return the zmq of a function .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the first element in seq that predicate returns a :const:true value for .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  removes html entities from the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a management help to async .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  get an heads file path .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns markdown contents of markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch a function to wrap a test .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image file with the given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator for notify which allow used to be used in all attributes of the attributes taken from the function .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  verifies that the command line format a specified table exists in the current log table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  gives sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  entry point for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check if a given command exists on the system .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan a list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if all base_case base_case file descriptors exist .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  fill in a string .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs a single python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  checks if expression is an expression in expr .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert the given date .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the cost cost of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  generate all cliques cliques in a graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in the given application .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid for the application .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  get the access with the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  split an iterable into a list of numbers .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the :ref:user view .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of a module .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to a human readable heading .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  multiply the brightness change x .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the edge edges in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if the name is a valid enum string .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers the given mimetype for the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  adds a random iv key and iv to the iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special rasterization with x and h .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  find free port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase with the given endpoint .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validates the category value .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns multiple ini value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many 8601-formatted with the options .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get the class statistics and the output statistics .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  return list of abc data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url - python print full path to stdout .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates random blocklist with changes to channel-picking .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  call this function before the container .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a node is created should only be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an existing tag .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  for registering the django account hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to the app directory .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  returns the total number of a node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract a timeseries of a timeseries file from a timeseries of a timeseries image .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get permissions for an existing user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  change the path to the repo .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given password and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task as a dict .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to the temporary xml document for a node .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or a subprocess .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test daemon for standard streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  check if the value is not a valid config file .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test opengl gl backend for functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  this function is used to ensure that the queue is still logged in a bunch of expressions .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all user types for a specific user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  given a list of items .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set tool path to the file system .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  attempt to get the numa report .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method that implements a %s request to a json response .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  the elements of an entrys takes a list of keys .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  delete login and their login .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  does a sequence of lists of pairs .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given the tree lists of c{root} .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  return the number of antidivisors that are in the model .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that non-ssd returns the first survey rather than can be visited visited cursor .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  plug-in bandwidth with respect to x .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the parameters in a set of cuda tuples .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the root mean squared log error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a config .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove all events and newline at a time .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch acts as a list of dictionaries .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  remove files in a logger .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return the install ids of the named package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get pyo files and return the file codes .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  find all nested pairs of a nested dictionary .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase page for another user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the name of the lazy .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range range header into a tuple .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric line of the current metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  takes a list of header strings .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a method in a dispatch .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event data search .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  read a utcstr as a utcstr .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  compute an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue for a complex hermitian .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  fit a weighted dataset label .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock format .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests for the bokeh python related to the output: test .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in the child tree .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  prints/logs a string at a unix key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  checks if a date is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that model contains a allowed and returns true if the field name is allowed .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events of all events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme for a given name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  validate a single type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts valid fields from a list of text data .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  display a central central outputs .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  flask dfs ordering used in a layer using kosarajus method .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test ids with identical status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  check the current value is an frappe .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts the id from an http server id string .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision string used to render the currency precision to a given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  the cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the square root of x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  create all global state and a library .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  convenience function to create and dict of config options .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare two statuses .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the signal handler of the given signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  a decorator to set the arguments of the decorated view .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add a delay of the documentation to the console output myanmar .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  generates a string like absolute path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable auto config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  start a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  helper for vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a dict of attribute instances .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a repo to a path .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty header fields for primer .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  insert list x as a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a dataset .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of union .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for the specified app_label .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the configuration file in the device .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  casts value of an object to watch .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  adds useful to the beginning of string .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  utility method to truncate the given file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if tuples in a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information about available memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the rgb color in the short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts from hex string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png canvas with the given figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call this function if the command cmd will execute a match .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a full array of ones with same shape and dtype elsewhere .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update counters on a single node .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  decorates a certain model with this function has just been rendered in the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates all migrations for manage .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  computes labeller = n pin .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update and updates the local marker file to find and not add .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  send a method to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  from a list of callback/errback .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run the command on the job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a google error message in response .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and convex loops from loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  show the plugin plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide object names for the cap - used by gis for map .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a new aes cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  args: chart_index function for sorting the series of data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called after it is executed .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  pretty-print an object and returns its string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs for pairs when we have a chisquare test for proportions for control through the control .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with coefficients using the substitution of the geos coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the test class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a graph n x .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  assert that the tp for tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  compare two values above except for the right timeout .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  tries to waits for an element to an element or not present in the short tree .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the organism crap .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  check if the apps are configured on the server .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of active experiment from the experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes nexusport binding from instance .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in a remote coordinate .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  adds a view for a more words .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  build and return conversion .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a subdictionary .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime or is composite .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud gceaddress object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  generate a 3d rotation matrix for rotation .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create a list of x and a segments t .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return the integer constant of the given numba type .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  use the named feature to disable the best one .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams in a lazy clustering in the sff file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  this making the same log for a given changeset system .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with current line .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the top level node for the given names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  return the path to the user configuration directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return nibbles encoding .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a random secret key for a secret key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  generate population using the operators .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use step to use a step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a list of files in a directory .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  better the number of seconds in the next window .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  test that we can remove a custom astropy time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy for resize integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the virtual property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test db with wrap=true for basic networks .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  filter out private pairs for production content .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  returns a decorator that makes an application from a list of arguments given in a dictionary of arguments .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available updates .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the current machine .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current ticklocs ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a palette palette that blends from matplotlib palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  translate obj to a class name .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the value of a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point in a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements in an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  convert groups for groups to inputs for multiple inputs inputs for which are not in the required state system .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the given key has key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum each host .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  calculate hus mathing mathing mathing mathing parameters x : int number of variables to be partial against endpoints .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about the users variable and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this role function
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller - needed when format is allowed to just create the wikipedia method .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  read a commit hash of the represents package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the names of all fixes .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the raw memory index of the standard normal memory .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given argument .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return the type where the given type is a debian .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - port or native port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child element in child with *name* .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate g in gexf format for g parameters g : graph a networkx graph a networkx graph a networkx graph infer_numeric_types : boolean yield generalized despite different python values .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  return lines with trailing whitespace replaced by trailing trailing data .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy lane and 100 the given lane mask .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  return a list of message info in the given error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  perform a loop and return an alternative if it returns true .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run violations from safecommit .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  delete the unix frame for each file .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all users with a user belongs to .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return the first partition of the bsgs bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given def .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a list of sentences to parse features into list of sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  ignoring no arguments and asserts to manifest .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses a string containing the regex and return a tuple of components .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the smallest string representation of a hb-format message .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  makes sure we can pass to class name and post calls .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse data from file .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated search string .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of all available attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a view that indicates the sample of samples from the list defined by the samples .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  get a loads value from the list of strings .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint on web page .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  safely repercent .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  idempotentally converts x to a table of types .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  returns hex forums in hex form for a given rgb .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  yields multiple event records .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a phone level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a path to the parent directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  decorate a function which wraps a concrete test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  get the list of available adapter and mac .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname for the managed cloud profile .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  returns true if x is a host and index of the hostname .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a recursive query that tries to return a cached query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  give all the property for the property .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split a string into an array of integers and return a tuple of the form .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  test scenario with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove slashes from a text .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if the field is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a template string to include a template template parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse the arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first field in a class that should not be used to add/edit .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the evaluated with the lowest and dot .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  migrate migrations for node not previously present node .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encodes a string to bytes .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  returns the module name of the python modules .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  generate a mongodb binary server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the reverse function for indexing consists of a periodic flag .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  check that the text .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for the given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test intervals with and text2 arrays .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack layer is that would be updated .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  receive a client .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  context manager for a program .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name for the named filesystem or conf if it is not found .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones local tarball of git while creating git status .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return the line number of a frame or snapshot .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  return a detailed instance .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  quoting that doesnt do anything with custom and replacing any top-level characters in a single string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read a signed 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  generate a dictionary of field names .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and returns false if the vm has a vdi .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  checking the error code returned by the function .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns a dict with the given argument and the description parsed from the config parsed from the given api .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of tuples .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  assert a condition is true if the condition condition is not dominated .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  set the location for the directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string representation of a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  if using a list of files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  helper to delete a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  go through a list of seconds for an album .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the total number of bytes in the specified album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the id of the interface .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a string representation of a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a run .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return x .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  context manager to build a environment variables for an environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return the buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform a document name to a string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  splits a string into list of integers .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a synonym for classes that tries to be turned into a newline object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific foreign tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of p and q .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from the component .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns the directory where the directory is located .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  check the list of enabled scheduler filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify repr (see also demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  extract link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flushes log entries that are currently buffered .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the total number of distributions that are not divisible by the randomized or array_like .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real matrix of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints all of the timeseries names and returns a list of timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  list availability of the availability server .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate a mapping of a mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path to the f^p_n(l) command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a class .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  applies a single sentence of data .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method matches the signature for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given billed .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a version-2 swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports the given path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update all known load load load .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for functions that need to be run in a high .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort a list of sample ids by ascending sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a random factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian density function of the server in xx .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator to be a mandatory object .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  converts a identical value to a float .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  ensure that the given t is valid .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load and return an ubuntu url for a module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  a remote branch that trigger a remote branch this is to be used to pull requests .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  generate an extension based on the provided controller controller .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator to set the result of times that resource is to access this view .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns a phonenumber phonenumber on the integer number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get development private key matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands out for a given docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return the child child nodes for the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  in a given integer .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the percentage of a sequence .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  adds / add redirection login to the login process .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign clark msgs to elem: so that it is not in mcmap .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer not sharing n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a small expression for a sympy input .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a post request to the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  recodes filter parameters west : array observations for stringify data from one frame : int .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the first element of the string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  wrapper around parser .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds days of the provided response to the vm .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array with axis .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a matrix to use for a matrices .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return a list of all sql .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates a string and validates it .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a percentage file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 2d function for a given function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic bezier curve to cubic number .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  return a string with keys and values from a given key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service from the specified service instance .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the data for each element that chooses all the standard assistant .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms an html snippet into the httpconnection html .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json dumps to json string .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance for the managed instance termination .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying some data from cache file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  convert all the absolute paths in the package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  query global exit action for the tagging action .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the quote version of the indices contained in a string .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print each line of a given text .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of absolute paths .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the vectors .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  release a number of available chapter .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops all instances monit and start a stop server .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  return the cache settings for an echo settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  set up the required state .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote the data for inclusion in a url .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extracts and reads the raw version from a days file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete the images for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if idle is idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs one or more committed in the following flow .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse a post response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete key and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  check and return a list of check class checks .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape & .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  creates all assets available for the current dir .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test if full text search is not implemented and that it is and that it is assigned before the export .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a mock view and add a view to the model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path is a directory and is present in the system .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup for the given backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key for the dereferenced .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple example of program .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will filter the contents of the block through the context .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  removes a fake project to be overwritten by the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax tax names when you install tax after up to tax tax .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  raises an exception if log is given .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return the path of a pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance segment from the path where the segment is in the x segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  url also does not allow any input string in the regex .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  load the given configuration .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning of the specified line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  truncates primer from seqs_fp file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list all genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a function that .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate the selectionchanged from the given text .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  return an array of messages to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests for info no user to create a single view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  return a list of scipy .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  replaces the yaml constructor .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points for distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process used by the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the module attribute of the pywin32 dll specific to the pywin32 variable .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the contents of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  validates and xml value .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  creates a link to the tool shed via the node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first opened function where the first dimension is the same .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  format the first exception into an exception .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  tries to return the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach all available network to the given device cache if no longer given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater than pkg .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert an xml string into a human readable string .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples for all successful calls .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  test for #148 in environment variables .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the list of detected libraries across use .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  display a images .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a suite method not work to descriptor so that it can be used with function/method .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a raw 64-bit integer into a byte .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create a temporary directory beneath provided file .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  find_goroutine -> int return a string representing the length of the datatable .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path for a resource .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  retrieve the path from the resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete an email by expiration and email .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  returns a l{dict} array that can be used to parse the data .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the current url of a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes or bipartite graph .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files that come out of the given dict and convert them to the list .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute the spline from "pkg and a sorted list of points .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the list of users that the user sent to .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert an path or a dotted path to a egg egg .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set a shortcut that will be called by a layer of a certain value .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return the next time zone and the tzinfo timezone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a height for the given array of height .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that creation is not split and that the file is raised to cause the prefix of the model .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  transforms a batch of text to first null space .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into a json format json format .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts a string to an hexadecimal int .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  inserts a sequence of sequences into a string and randomly generated by the state given state and repeats } .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  provides format only on minions that are running .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns the book representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate the mavg window for each element of time in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates a dictionary of bug-reports bug-reports pool .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a clone bazaar bazaar .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  simple task to dump tracemalloc .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save data for a registration registration .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor to a theano tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  callable that returns a connection to the configuration .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validates the given iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  function that return the colums of a input pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the list of basic bindings that are supported in the yaml .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns data if an valid id is not none .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the time zone for old-style settings .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  returns an entity kind of a given key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  helper function to ignore warnings and return a python category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode python maxkey .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  upload the context object to the testing server .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a export .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the tree .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read the string table xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore used in the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  ensure that the id is a valid docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an given attribute given a key path .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  filter available support to filter available round available by dimension .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  a decorator that require that a collection is available .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login object for a given file .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a votable python votable .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a function inside a worker with a given name .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a row of all available plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format the client for the project .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a dict of eye .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parses authentication auth entries and returns an http registry .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  iterate over the directory and all its contents in dirname .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with a summary of all detail which a summary code to respond to by looking for a courses store .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts an argument into a string of symbol .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  86] the numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block from a block and yields an empty block .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute polynomial composition of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  this check ensures that the views is actually a list of tuples to respond with those the provided status views .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns an html file with a nipype byte string .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a path to the directory of a dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  helper function of convolution over a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  does nothing .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value from and returns a dict of value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check if a lhs is equal to the right and referenced status .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper function for dev session .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated + components used for comes 1 .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  associate an prompts with a new page .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns true if the course structure is in the course structure for the specified course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the same topic greenlet raises an exception .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the scope class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run any commands test .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting loops .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  a dummy helper to apply the newobj method of a class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer awards controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  joins a list of items .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  get the directory mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize implicit so we can extend this unserialize when elasticsearch multiple multiple exception like a replace on one interface .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value for the given key in the given region .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash of the hash file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  the view to return a list of links in the list of links .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  converts a list of key/value pairs to a dictionary of matching matching matching .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility test over the ground in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource for executable in source file and rule it with the source file path and must be in .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  return an auth file server data from the cloud profile .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  generate a generator for all classes in a given equivalent .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the application .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all the random ip addresses .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of the first bits .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle fully clearing the basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path of the music and the http music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set song timeout on current user .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an releases .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of nodes represented by 2 .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get a network by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  reshape tuple of ints to include the ways of a single dimension .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by the setting .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a from utf-8 to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  format a date according to the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full description of an environment variable definition .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  returns a list of all current elements .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the specified model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual log of the response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  get the user id given a user id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  helper to bind a standard shell shell into the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the swiss hydrological sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensures that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns a package name .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  calculate a slice of characters from a list of time series .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of approximate entries from the given list of layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a custom selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a mpl channel .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  converts each courseware courseware in a sparse variable to a sparse format .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  convert an object to dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first item in the setting the document .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  logs out the user out .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network and a list of expected values .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  extends the display name matching a string .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of all tag for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary directory cli example: .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file to disk from file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the correctness of the reference that is not a max value .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that converts a function to a view function .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  converts the given url to a url .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows key to display in the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  return the database metadata from a database .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  create a subtitle path from the given video path using language if language is specified .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  just like :func:textwrap .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to a specific hash function .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  useless -> alloc remove any alloc of the last node that is yielded .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown a windows device with the salt-minion device .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns an immmutable object for the xml xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  generate tab-completion file in json format .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string uuid of images in the images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  given a url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  takes a list and returns a tuple with elements of elements of the same elements removed .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  function to approximate interpolation for the chi^2 function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  refresher decorator for trigger likely to be used in the function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate the javascript for a sequence of rules that can be used in the javascript fields for each of times .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check that x .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indices indices of indexes against an input individuals .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity for the specified identity dictionary .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the specified task and all its salt events cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generates for checking diskspace as specified in the workbook .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check that mask are added as a list of versions .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt the given code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  convenience wrapper to generate a confirmation of the list of characters .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  vote or undo vote on a vote for a particular course .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the chordal cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete cookies by setting the common to the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  callback for an upload .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  avoid one or more certificate names .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a file from zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named dns is absent name the path to the state that should not exist .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping of files and return a dictionary of functionannotation instances .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  return a path of the current working directory .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all the public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that a specified user is absent name the name of the bookmark to remove object .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test for login/register model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a function to be used in javascript code .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that the regression argument passed to the database; are not modified .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  tests that the response is returned when creating a mock object .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  get the actual metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a function or complete if there are no arguments .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the non-normalized deviation of the standard deviation as an iterable object .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  decode a string with only one character of the :func:bits .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  continuously read lines of a string .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get min status .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  get a small wrapper around profiling .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  utility to run the script with arguments .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up the probability density .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write the pickled metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles with .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  determine the ascii string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create two these returns a outerproduct matrix containing nodes in a graph .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters n : array or array_like as .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path to installed program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  method with args and keyword arguments .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a symlink language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  extracts mro from a class or classic for mro classes .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching prefix and intersects the substrings and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  given an extension filename .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the number of loncapa jinja2 .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  print information about available version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts the given delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  generic view to create a new project rename page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  the exponential linear unit function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the vms shared by the setuptools system .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the list of milestones of the milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts the first element of pivot into the pivot .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate mean of targets and style of two samples .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  a decorator for methods such that .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return the path object for a given path .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts the specified exception object to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return mask which should be an ndarray or missing .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  indicating and returns version .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code factory for a code snippet .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read text shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  returns a string with length replaced by a raw string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  fail immediately and return something .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  generator for all antidivisors nodes of n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the ado function that maps the given config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate an approximate graph g from a given 100 centrality .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  retrieve all usage diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple example of reflecting the inventory .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  test for issue #36 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  returns whether the directory is installed in the installed os .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a simple authentication token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if *uri* can be used with a file:// uri .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string of bytes to an integer .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean array of linecollection .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a markdown text scheme .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  use this decorator to return critical errors that throw an exception when numba is not a wrapper around critical .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  constructs the raw kernel spec for the installed kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the reconstructions function is visible in a separate path .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a error codes to the given code and code .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific *data* exists in the full search path to the full search for given .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  setup a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr decomposition of an array .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get a set of intra-community intersections for x .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return list of all services that are not running as a specified by the system cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  transliterate a dns host into a given string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a directory path_info .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  given an array of field and a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use the setting tries to split a resized .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a base64 encoded task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  return the gradient of the qgradient or the variable .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  cherry to find commits in summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a git script from a git package .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  display the string to be used as matplotlib event script .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error message from remainder or none .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  formats a list just as a string .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  loads any gui from a web application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse the command line option into a dictionary .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify and combine tensorproducts .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active queues of each task .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a particular group group .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the given html with all the spaces in a string .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that a package is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  a docstring .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  get data from a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return strategy for a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  set up a github stream on github immediately .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare dicts in a "partial" .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the new secret secret and writes it to secrets subdir .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  serve and return a chunk from a file based on the data received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the string contained in the file named name .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns a list of digital continuous random quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return a very-likely-unique object for the given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  returns barcodes of the last duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which will respond to a public function to become a public function as an json-formatted .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read the tag data of a sequence of file data file and return as dictionary .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  convert a file attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  returns true if the current site configuration is enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  allow for a single string in an array that may be replaced with any height .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a path s to a dotted path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given a path or list of patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  write the special characters to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a users username object .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vm is an instance of a vlan or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when given datetime object has a single datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  prints all the fields of the given parse node .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in a new directory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-th power of the first power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action to hard jobsub .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  test that the custom completion option raises an exception when a custom ip address is not a custom error .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  return the timezone associated with the current thread .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a new slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  delete a raise if not found .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  adds a repository to a team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements for a list of objects .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a given engine using the given inputs .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  add a form to the document attachment .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get list of report for given doctype .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the old distance lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test multidimensional and column arrays .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  verify that a fits file is valid .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal workflow operation to get the entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  iterator over the formatted tree .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  runs a redis server on a recommend host cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for btmp .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split the given template into list of paths relative to all paths in the given template .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs logs report which all power of the orphans .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  deprecated in color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if n == a large integer .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  change a hash of the given topic type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a path to a file: path in a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  take a list of sentences objects and return a cleaned version of space-separated numbers .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new frame at the given number of items .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get store ips from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  sort the distributions of a given plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  ensure that the status code is a valid status .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert elements to a list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a duration value into a duration .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  detect whether the given path is within the dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add history element to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  get a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of sorted servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library warnings .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a base class for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of desktop for the current user .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to discussion signals .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  convert a propositional logical sentence s to an logical python algorithm .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to lltrace .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  compare function for rendering the main axis of a sequence of scipy .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in config file and return a list of paths .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the radial set the radial interactive plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install for nrdp using centos or timeout .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  single step .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  url-encode a file in the current dir .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if minc is available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  copies source file and dest to the dest .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove the file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a string is a valid ipv4 or text .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns an input object with the data for which smoothed .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with the given dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  test fastprint .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap tasks for the current thread .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  creates a protobuf field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot multiple image and a single image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic server to be updated with pillar data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  run freebsd-update on boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  most common grab type .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  determine the best match between two texts .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the model records of the rest row .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an absolute filename for a filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  returns a bool c namespace .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parses a uri given a kernel path string and uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get original original original original object .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from faces to faces .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the notification image for an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  simple html form .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  separate the program for reloader .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  loop through all arrays and return a program .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convert a name into a valid python unicode name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  elementtree debug function for an xpath arrays .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the fullrank function for the svd of x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the results of the backend twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs directory of a source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  creates a list of functions that apply to function arguments .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask for a filename in a list of files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for a volume to be available .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of a given number .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 for nltkdemo .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gets telemetry data for the block .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add []new to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the most appropriate speed for the given place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  gets the model matching the given app_label and the name .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  does not use anything .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all qos_specs associated with specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote a string for use in a bytestring .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a timestamp for a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a list of valid ids for the given exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the default instance of overrides .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob and keypoints .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the project directory to the rsync rsync project directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  return the cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create an instance of the appropriate service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends an admins message to admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the class to temporarily .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  checks whether the reference is an open command and all of the distance of the current instance and the destination of the available python source .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  operation for a course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if filename is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  mock mock mock dies with error .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  dummy implementation of acoustid .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as links .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to run a gui .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines that the expression is a new value that is not a new one that can be used to track a dataset with the fields that do not contain both
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the certificate footer object to be used via autotest .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns an iterable of all data for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this function is needed to make the x in x and in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  recursively look up and return result of a function .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the specified length name is a valid python name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that all files in json format have a plotly matrix .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the set of all registered applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  merge file values of a protocol .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add attachment_specs fields to the databases of the call .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a project activity .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of files .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate the packages java flag for the specified agent .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to string of length 1 .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  insert list x as a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the function .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to a specific registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initializes the specified routing .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of completed code in the order of a question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop a sequence of arguments into a section section string .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  checks if the django app is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  user id of the login .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose to handle all spaces and params .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test channel-picking functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns the successors of the nodes in a breadth-first .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  restful crud controller - needed for imports .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a standard uidb36: format for use in :jenkins-wiki:log .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a consistency .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper that each search in path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in a minion cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  get wanna list for project by project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current file descriptor .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find position position just after the first line of the line .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location specified by uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for the tvdb table .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service via s6 .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  custom handler for applying a service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into single argument .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get a qurl based on a qurl url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  drk resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  checks if current theme is an return theme with the given class name and returns it if no theme address is invalid .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  simple helper function used to test if the default hello is not known .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists of quote() and return a list of triples .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract a list of aff4 .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from swift .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  find a portion of a string with a given trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize a hostname from an address string .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  parse a string to a list of key .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  use the decorate function to return false if any callable calls will fail that the given function is not available .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints out a exception .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  enroll student of ccx .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type of the type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  returns 2 of all installed apps for cache directory .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates a mapping of the mapping file and validate it .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text and a text in the specified formats .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  get students with students more than all student in given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql the mysql string for passing in a mysql name .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  query the virtual ip addresses of the service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  download a rabbitmq statement in the given environment .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random number generator .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  returns the square root of the hermite polynomial .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of all job ids that are on the system and what state they are in cli example: .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  retrieve the query to the model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  removes ~# .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  retrieve a course enrollment by its identifier in the course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a filename from the given path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  the tid: conf id for a file .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the install or string in a major .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  do nothing -- return repr and string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  get the canonical path of documents containing the paths - currently running in a given path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  checks for two paths of the two paths for those that are present and sort them in the list .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network from the instance .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if an error is called .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  loop through all the skipped and check that all of the filenames are far to run them .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with parent directory .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  a file from url .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a python string begins begins at the specified position in the start of a specified position .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  create a logical l2 object for the given tenant service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change transaction primary primary address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  add exception in exception to a system .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the version as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a file in the list of files matching the base directories of the file path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error messages at each observation in a time .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the set of all input terms .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the default implementation of the gpu helper function .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a cohortmemebrship is created .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string in positive order into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the api time calls for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  get a client object for a vserver instance .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  expand a dataframe to the part of a dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the delete messages and delete the session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  convert an email to a none .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the inter-mapper relationships of all globals .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve the login form for an login .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a value .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() shouldnt output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder command .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorator to convert a gdataservice .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in order to determine the sys_path for a valid exclusive .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get appropriate feature lists of the appropriate step function .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  creates the country on the user model .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  display a message to a message the description for the specified location in the context .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the oauth2 user .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  of the dot product of a that believe as defined by the dot product of the dot .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download a invoice against the invoice registration file this function is taken from the invoice web page and returns a client to download the invoice file invoice example content as
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  temporarily extracts the global_config from the config file for the given config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option and return a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  return a detailed state of the named package available for the specified package .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  basic regexp .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  strip all field values of the field that are proportion this function returns the actual value for the ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  creates a simple unique nxm name for the given nxm .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate specified qos specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert from cartesian to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate the given input to ascii string .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the output of a hits request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost comparator .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git clone clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test clean up degrees in config file .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute an smart values using the kth lstd function .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  fix children of the given category .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the object references of a given reference .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of web listing that represent autoescaping and their types .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of available namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install sphinx sphinx extension .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  inverse of these parameters that returns true/false .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid output by the path by the manipulationfunction .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a few int from a map int to a human readable form .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get a list of all available volume groups from a cloud profile with a specific vm cli example: .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return the path relative to the directory of a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that the doctest list is loaded correctly .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return a list of applied paths cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one or more lazy returns and calls the value .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google results from google .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  remove any files that arent be found in the list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes the frame for a frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend function to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  default value of current settings .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a test is a conda .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask for a question; .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace hook .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests whether we are missing by a non-regression file .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the imdb key from a both key and a comma-separated string .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate that the loop is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run a test function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  return a recursive version of s .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining date for the given start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using 2 hidden regression and softmax of gru units with tanh .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a source filename .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  convert a dictionary of json objects to a json object .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  python 2 compatibility: if python version is run .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  get the number of bits that are in a given mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  execute a single acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  common implementation of the tensor with zeros and size ordering .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add the previous state to an debugging state and return the previous state of the previous state .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main workflow function for ansible group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  the type parameter for marketing webui .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  verifies that the provided response was used correctly .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  convert a webpy-function error to an application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate bounding-box location of symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  cache a mixedmodulestore function for a user from the classes given its permissions .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a new controlampservice create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a class object of the given property name .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the exponentent bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively traverse a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test plot with a line plot .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add images to file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine whether the stage should be undeferred by the form: guarantee the stage debug .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  returns the db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a python source files take a list of pairs and encode them to the output .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of the frequency of a document .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  convert spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns whether the field is in the given model .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a new widget instance for the master .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the index save units and on-disk units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  move up to database .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login object for the specified user .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test cases: a regression table .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads the global configuration file and return a list of settings .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  generate a random string which stores a subset of inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the filename of the registry .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  updates remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  get expired sessions of the device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  decide that the tag for the given tag name .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split a recursive order .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  solves a random symmetric string .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove the headers from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns a np .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get a merge containing the existing commit .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  tries to load the profile model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  regression test for subtle this logging .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  computes the periodogram sum of x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict of files starting with a good replace .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell the action to send a topic to an action .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test if a virtualenv is in a setup .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an npm package from the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return the matrix where a matrix has the the the extra requirement reader .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks to send when a number of subtasks to subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts the list of messages and their types .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy a source file from the given root node .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  search the users password for a user by --hash_key .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave in the database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  return true when the ca certs and sector_id in the container .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  adds the group of array to each group in the large list .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in words .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  delete a users delete checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  helper function to format color triple for a color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which freev the decorated method .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that the user can view the specified details .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the items of two related constants .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  some decorator is used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function for quotechar extension combine limit .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  return the current date and time zone .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a new widget that can be available to subprocess widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  fake version of goto .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the field or class value for the field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see :class:createrepo .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a handle of a tool from a dictionary of params which are already called from showing .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a dict with the document data pertinent for the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a summary of the numba summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  map the source file to the directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  mock a mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  assign a class to an instance of the class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  adds the current version to the args: version : the version version number .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  return the singleton used by resource_id .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  computes the matrices of a matrices .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return an ubus scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  list all files in a commit .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get geometry output dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  get a path for operating .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  the closest operator tensor .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get the list of ip entries that are available .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  extracts messages from a given report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test loading and running a complex network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  format the provided value to a form of members .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate a value that is a valid integer or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the message sensors .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  given a dictionary of attributes for a dictionary of attributes .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  create a file descriptor .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  get a list of country from a country .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return whether or not a path .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test the results of timeit .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return the jobs job .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create temporary folder .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns a dictionary of sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  returns the estimated gamma function .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared document for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  loads beginning from a space separated list of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return the structure with the view that is the buffer of the given array .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check whether page is available for the page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a file or a list of polynomials .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for timing auth .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  use virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  extract the first variables from a template code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a 2d tensor of the given centered .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse matrix of the inverse of the model along the interpolation .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  test to make sure that no reference replacing replacing reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of available keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorate a function or method so that it is not yet do not do not change the xml tree .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  decorator to inject a serial command .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  given a list of pdb .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the default footer for a given mobile .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source to the target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test use encoder on rest .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns a boolean if value is valid .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the first from the expression tree .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the keywords object containing global namespace .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number into a hex string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a user to a domain for a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  given a string and a fused type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building a site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  attempt to load the data points .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the similarity similarity of the given string .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return function which mad to timestamp in the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  attempt to run a pcap command .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  show metrics for each section in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  get a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for hug .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the housing: hook .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a matplotlib event loop for the time .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  test that mask is equal to the given mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid associated with a process name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate the specified interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the dockerio module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry of entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  return a specific matching headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  multiply inputs and returns the result in a structured tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get all the indent in a text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  maps a vif model to a http_x_real_ip model .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  c can be a valid power or a boolean .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  if unread returns qual score is according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the node with the specified root .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  a helper function to register the available license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up masquerading .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return a string representing the major and b .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns an iterable with elements of iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  attempt to determine if the simple form is installed .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture providing a keyconfig .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  checks to see if all finite and dtype are all finite .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse the schema fields and return a tuple of human-readable form fields .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register a new modeladmin class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of all indices in a list .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  try to get the codegen implementation for obj .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a test .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a private key from a list of 2-element .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a timestamp to a timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  returns the factorial of the falling function .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests the creation of a users view .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  create a specific clsid for a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  fetches a flash flash .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a google container container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute an md5 hash of a given secret .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  targets header for asynchronous generators .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  combines a updates file in a directory with a lowercasefilter one .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform response data to httplib .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a generator of lists of tuples .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create a set of floats data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a client-side from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace object xml for a component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a file in a time .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an ordereddict for the data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  test fitness .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility function: keyword_function_map to defers .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function that operates as running in the function state .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the login form for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches a string for given regex .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clears the cache .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the graph of i .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable to the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  returns description of markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns a base64-encoded file from the libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  reshape reshape of ndarrays .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts textfile to the operating at least one step .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  fixture to proportions a test of the computational low rather than can be used for a maxima .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the number of bits that are not a julian date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a new rpc for use in creating .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  returns the style of the given request change .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status on a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the periodic client for an open file handle .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove report from a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  check if the specified server is an open server or not .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  generate a generator that map primary and frames .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for test case which would connect to that for every test case .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the data to a structured string .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  simple case .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  change the users room cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a set of current image and send it to db .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a code from a given file .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  wait for the given value to be changed .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an installation bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box for box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a valid email for the domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add a package to the pkgver .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  return the log request type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  return aws aws environment .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if a given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  builds a dictionary of plugins and argparser dicts to the given state .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode and endcodes data using the jbig2 key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the pep sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return memory_map information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec for the specified spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  given the configuration option .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  does the using the using the dirty flag and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  colorize text (previous_result .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of snr operator .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to change directory temporary path to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the internal feed of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  takes a string and returns a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process symlinks .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for methods that return type of purchase .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete all instance paths associated with a get/key .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the mercurial manifest for a repository from the repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper function to resolve a textual code or a string .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests python strings should always use one space .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the power status of the current process .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  loads the user from the django directory .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  helper function to convert global formatted id to global global format .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  builds an quaternion .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a string to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  returns a free path for a given disk .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator for creating directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the bcache device name of a real dev :return: basename of just about any dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge the data by merge a single so that each of sys is only a string .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  load the most of the command line numbers .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  read the default data query and return a dictionary of additional parameters that can be used in the given schema .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  attach a dummy node to the given node and name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture providing a url .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  url url .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extracts the return value from a cookie cookie .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a wcs object into a list of wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  renders the given template and returns the data with it .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  form a system elements in v .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over s3 .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculates a number of bits required to hold the desired number of digits .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the geometric version of a geometric indicates whether floating-point is similar to b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form for the given form .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve a solution (x) to a sequence of sine equation .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable of all possible elements .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  iterates over the yaml table string and quote a dict of yaml data .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  generate transcript requests for a requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a dict of missing data and the files of missing .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid uri uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel finds and builds fail when pip install dependencies of editables .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a valid binary file object by default .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document class with the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named package is present in the running virtual host .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths of the file paths .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  view function to generate s3request instances .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  normalizes the index of the maximum along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than other object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the special character from a list of strings .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  split the string into a list of fields .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show all the .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns list of overall summary of an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list containing the names of available in statements .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object a untrash view .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to reach to reach qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generator of api views .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  returns the size of a binary device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses one or more units and returns one of the units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans weight function .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a text3d to the corresponding python interpreters path .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  test if a package is not installed .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the use of the strict application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  stringify stringify config object for the duration of the current biopythons pyglet .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the support buildenv buildenv cwd the path of the given command line .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wraps a descriptor handler to delete a symmetrical object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode string or bytes in bytes .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check to see if variable is safe for theano elements .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  ensure that limit for a limit item usage usage based on the disk to .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the number of distance matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  wrapper around u'inherit' that leave py_name .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns a traceback containing the entire client error messages .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image sizes and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of a suffix in the directory .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of binary bits in a provides integer .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  returns sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  generate a pack version string .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser object .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a base64-encoded string of a given length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid for the given pid .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return path to the default bkroot .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  callback function for sqla and kwargs .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a esxi column in the table .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build the url for the article from the label map .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a soname to be used when interrupted .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  view function that creates a view with a :term:view renderer .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  renders a list of contents of a editable accordion .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv in the current directory .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the attribute of the object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load data in network device .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the manifest directory .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  function that detects the date of a given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the courses and inline inline children .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the elements of this document in the yadis xrd sorted .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get unicode based on project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a class decorator that will merge an options .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if hadoop is present .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the table .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that ports of dpid is valid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce all search-related in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current keyboard event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an query instance of base based on the request .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset of column names in the specified column .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the autocorrelation of all against a set of indices .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count the number of roots of a polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the current list of disk to be executed cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar with rectangular extensions for either uniform or proportional domain .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  convert a memory .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test quantity with different representations .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check to see if the virtual service rules can be created .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  calculate the expected bar for a given start date .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  common function to allocate a new disk .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  get the string representation of string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the value for a function that callable from the given file name .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new ndarrays array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  return true if the current request has a resulted for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  returns the actual key for a given key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  fetch a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking of did not implemented in the current context .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate any figure figures and pylab the functions in a windowing environment .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the items in the environ .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively collects a list of files in the given directory and add the level to the list .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  sets the device to the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  skip test if a function access to access denied summary ot be called .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial in k[x] to a dict .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of formatted names from the given args .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a term to a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags for the named set of images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  correction factor of arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  ssh ssh and ssh version info on a node .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  changes the rfc1123 style for the supplied parameters .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should build a feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a list of all the namespaces .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if the user has a permission on the owns object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell whether a rule is a coerce code string .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the layer tile for a layer tile by quoting .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the first item of the function as a zip file object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move loss from whitespace to the specified batch .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a helper function for computing the pseudoinverse .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just check_duplicates for imports using manually .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for one app for :func:id_srand this only is just a log of the polynomial of the gpl server in the case of the process :data:user_format for each
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the directory where experimental is stored .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the use of nan .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  decrypts a getlines .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build the moref for a given aggregate .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a class instance from a class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  return the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render input string for programmatic use in & autoregression .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that accounts can be labeled label when they dont have a folder folders .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get all registered logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send emails and retrieve a users notification for a neighbor notification .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text encoded in the specified input string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that a process is enabled .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a dictionary of attributes of a given kwa .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a directory and all empty intermediate ones .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the values of a and b under the input position .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set learning phase for the default value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  ensure str .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  return the ip address .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load a string of the num and return a list of ints .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  post to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates a sql hash for an address .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  like shared .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  find executable in current dir with an absolute path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file pyo .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate x .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  converts a superclasses matrix to a string .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  returns the static file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the exit dialog .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  return the printed output of func() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore this plugin allows you to add a build for certain push a build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  creates a function for an open message in the given position/momentum .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create the directory of the script .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  return a non-string non-string .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  display the descendants for the parser actionexecution .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query to get a table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a time in utc notation to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all users cli example: .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build the table to convert a list of tuples to a resource .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  creates a file instance for the given path .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract information about a text string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns the neighbor redirect to add to the logged canvas .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  checks if the target is valid according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test setitem .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a list of all matches .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  test if a message is raised .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return the metadata rule for the given host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average edges in the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the output of a package to the original so that they can be used in the output format .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if value is a valid git .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the provided size size is valid .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  plot table data from a legend plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return the input variable .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate an xml tree string to chunk using indicated chunks .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a figure and axes after the current figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  try to find the letter in the votable category for a given python category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish this process .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of the given sha .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  generate a generator for all packages in a directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns 1 if x is a iterator that doesnt like a python 2 .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  lesser lesser file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  checks that the given directory is in the current directory and that that a given directory are not in the files tree .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the list of attributes for the given attribute .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container to restart on a docker container container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  break the resource_data function in parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns an ssh key for a given pack key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  try to get the formatted versions from a package .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build a unique inverse of the map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given a win32_terminalservicesetting code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource identifier in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function for compile_single keys from keyserver .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove single sqs queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a proper calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg halt cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  return a bool value for an epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the gunicorn_django decorator .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve node object for a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a dictionary of all custom ids .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  cublas style scenario .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a random string of a given string and salt with the private key .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  wait to edit a file editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the mode from the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  get cgroup list of all supported controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with n nodes and redirection probability .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the python encoding to be used .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a list of link that looks like the pipeline .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the user name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a date/time string in an acceptable notation to a human readable form .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a recordsensor link that allows us to specify a file record stream as the input source .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned versioned field names .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of batches of batches batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  decide whether a string with matching the same words and an ordereddict to show it as the input score .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  wrapper around parser .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write multiple gui .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy object from the first member of querying model instances .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  add a launch request to the context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of digits needed to hold a specific long number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  returns a sensible string that starts with elements of a dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validates that a value is a valid type for option .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fixes the attribute names in an attribute value .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  helper function to convert revision items in a dict .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  search a cacheable pattern in a buffer .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  test either a numpy array or a file-like object .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given regex is in the given regex .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the correct hexadecimal representation of w as a unicode string .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  physicists polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator for show a function that prints functions .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new table in the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a add-ons and a string .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if a token appears to be pki-based .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle the mako loop over a node .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  in a video directory .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  install the latest manager for all compared commands .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  like real .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse an devs volumes xml .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse an http header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  function used to track the temporary directory the function used in linker .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called once after the source .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  retrieve the javascript page context for a javascript rather than the javascript context .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get elapsed date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  the nsga-ii activation function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten a pseudoinverse matrix to an axix if a point is not a positive constraint .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  return whether the header is an open header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance for the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  decorate a function that requires a user be logged in .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom table sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  map the status strings to the vm state : string vm to which to be changed .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  returns the entire path to the users translations .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the proxy modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the profiles directory for the files in a directory .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the cache using pickle ordinal .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  create a hgrid from the given node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a permission type or a string to a more ascii value .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete all user data .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return an array of all folders of a given list .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  strips the microseconds field from a datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test basic gradient for basic connectivity .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the indicate that of a package should be read .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  create the elements of a nested file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping of notebook instance path .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  clone the repo branch by the given release .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  called at the end .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  returns an object that spawns a struct_declarator_list with added to the current view .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers in an renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the key is a none function that converts a dictionary to a key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels for work .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that the tpot number is built correctly .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter adapter adapter for an adapter .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider sizes .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands a base x into an average stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current logical dns record .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the gui .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command and process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  not named directories .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a given key .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  normalize the unix socket for a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that indices and indices are valid .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  ensure that the named container exists in the system .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the intersection of the graph that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  removes files from the requested attributes .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a new course modes and a message to the given course .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test data with table names and normal table with a data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns true if the given sentence matches the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  connect to each common gpus and add to devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  for a given dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  retrieves all summary of the specified summary .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  adds the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs the pip run the given command with pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  extracts the full path to a url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a string and deserializes it with the base64 newline .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a number of polynomials in python 2 .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize logger .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  remove any test files from the test directory .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  cancels a function by pre-associating its initial decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the snmp node with a variable name from the process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child child child data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  check if a series of series strings is valid .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes a utf-8 value to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with arma process according to ma parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set interactive and private data to fif .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears review schema .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  like indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client from the config .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  build a per byte hexadecimal representation example: .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  try to find and return all available versions .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the fourier series in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the matrix wrapper for two l{loopbacktlsconnection} matrix .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  parse a dictionary of the string and return a copy of the string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return indices over all indices in a given collection .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compare two points of a and b .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does the control token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments and arguments into a list of integers .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db ip of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification test .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the group groups for the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx parsers .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the information for the given image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a list of egg from a single egg .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a node using the url- .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a node while running the default schedule loop .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send email to report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  get the tmux tmux version .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  choose the mp function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  check the set of ip additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a simple example of the thunk function for generic units .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert x**n bytes of f in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses the parameters dict of several parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code at blank requirements file specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the geometric mean of the matrix .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if value is enabled and converts it to local time in local time zone aware none .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the most appropriate adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip out the rid of sphinx whitespace .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded string using the imap4 encoding .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  split the email addresses into format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a very weird memoize function for functions that returns a function .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex of v onto v .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize a constraint .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  get the installed entrypoint entrypoint subproject .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging function for tests .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a string to the given id .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name into the aliases .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  rowfunc provides a function .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  get the details of an api .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the given dictionary and a list of dicts .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a generator of the inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  calculates the coefficient of the standard error .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the arithmetic moment of the values in iterable .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs into something inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return an iterator that is indexing in a list of numbers .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return true if matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that the given namespace is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the security options passed in salt cloud options .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the value of three numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the hermite axes .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a simple mechanism from plotly .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  construct and return catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a iso 8601 formatted time in utc .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the postgres server .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  note: must be holding the _lazylock .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the python modules .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: enrollment_mode : iterable[function] sequence for the element that will be an empty dict .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the filtering .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  insert a set of files into a new database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file from a list of vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the beginning of a function .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove all of the file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a stream .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  create a directory from a specified directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  coerce a passed in to an whisper .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  write a command console to a file and console console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of the currently registered for the cloud provider .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from a bucket .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return the variance of the entire mean .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix guards .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a right-stochastic which can be used by uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  images - filters - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a dictionary giving the child attributes of the given class .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  get the function configuration function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  upload a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  create a manage and return response .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  compressed kmz from compressed .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  the users key is not recommended for any additional (1 .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  connect to a str .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  return the list of length n-1 .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the provided *plugins for the given *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find emails with a par1 email address .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data must be ssh .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  wraps a function to return the result of a question .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the string encoded integer when it is an integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a phone number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write the sqlmap ports out of a module .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a unique endpoint from the given mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  the proposed correction will be in a score .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  rate limiting limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all metadata for a course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return the interface for shutdown or ip address cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the binary array of #1912 .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  standard fast function to operate in sys .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  perform a bunch of a^(1 in place .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the docstring for path .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load tornado parameter from vcenter parameter .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a given user .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  generates a table with the columns that will be hot by the given table .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return a new code for assist .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high scores as a game method .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  this function maps dictionary or tuple string into a synopsis string value .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  annotate a directory with a given list of files .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is in a header .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  resolve all four >> .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a friendly template string .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a dict where keys are key names and a list of fields to a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a callback key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  determine if a set of numbers is equal to lower .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that the specified location is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read exactly handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that named expressions can be listed and after the logout action .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  try to get the primary code at the given date .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default connection data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if xpath has at least one argument in the case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get http data structure out of the top-level operator .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge 2 dicts into one .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of the display .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary mapping from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes uuid and time them in the system .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the style logging for the action .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a python outer outer python string .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string with all values that are in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get the return the horizontally of 'mri' .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a string .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete a custom model from an gf(2) model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  remove all datasets associated with a function .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  returns a list of directories to all the files under .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the approximate implementation of the same gaussian arguments are properly split and that the same way as the same .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller - used by the create table .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url and guessed prefix in a matrix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  retrieve the authenticated user and aliases of an auth .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get a volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return as a iterations of the sequences of the operates group with the specified blocks and the inverse of blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test if the completion of scale and mean of all true .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a dataset .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as a function to be called with syncing .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the md5 hash of stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper function for taking the current session .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function to sanitize each mask in mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a list of valid mentions that represent the put in a template .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the kth backoff for applying a complex backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  create a new-line that matches the necessary chars in a coordinate graph .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a bug with and 57 .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  serialize serialize data .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the given list of length l with length 1 .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  get the max denom variable .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dict of all the file subs to .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a given container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile regex in a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  adds the current api version to an openstack api cli examples: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the package directories in the specified package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculate the validation for a validation .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return the variable of a numpy array .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two partitions of product-of-spacings .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save the migration before a boolean to save the instance update memory mode .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute a command and return its output .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the document and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  try to discover the python interpreter file .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  removes a set of headers and applies a trailing response body to an sources .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds the ast private key to nodes adds only if the ast has a value .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  humanized for approvals .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  make predictions instead of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the given handle to try to reach a screen .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a latest slug for a namespace namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response and creates a tuple of check if it does not contain a message .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood of a 1d random expression .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  custom text to encrypt when possible .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the gui event loop .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a permission permission user accepts a permission to the top data .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if the system cache is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  check if the given backend is enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return an items off an flocker package .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test the before the gpu conversion .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name length in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure a datetime has an offset from a single offset .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a unicode string to c{bytes} .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  computes the sqeuclidean dot product of two n-d .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  diagnostics the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the given kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context of a badge .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the logging state in state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all the code} result of a given file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  the main view that show a user in the session .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  legacy fulltheme .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is a file that contains test cases .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from hdf5 hash using the provided hash object and returns it .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the type of a given object .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters and escape of parameters .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  compound : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an update for all score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of a list of elements .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate for classes which are not a hashable key .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  find the first item from a list of preferred aliases are described in the first match .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of tuples of the given data structure .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid cross entropy function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path of the current image .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  dummy function for doctesting autoroutes .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the list of word indices for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  checks if a package is enabled and running name the unique package or a system can be enabled for tries to start with a given package .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x classes to principal the real matrix .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  c{django_objects} backend should not change the srcdir .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import and wrap a module to be tested .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempt to load a data from the given revision file .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  returns characters of an nmea .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  change the current system upgrade if not already exist .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  used to read a file from a url .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  replace task .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email containing a simple template email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize the given name from the given table .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  try and convert an image string to rpm .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status code .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  create a dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  returns true if the given node is a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get the unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns true if the flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  return a link to a string as a cookiecutter .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in hadoop command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  compose two 32-bit scalars .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to the directory where dir is located .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a single 1d dataset-- .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the helmet prefix for a complex .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that masked whitespace looks like the right setting for masked column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a *very* small function which checks to see if a string is a package .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return the cached oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return tuple of shapes labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  prints a summary of the summary tree .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the gcode is a gcode and if it is a gcode spherical .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  callback-oriented decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  check to see if user is spam according to the switch .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  call the repository and construct a repository that is not a repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an rois into a project and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a filter for an event steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  callback for change of previous @with_app decorator .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named launch package is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  checks that length of an option has a required element .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table with groups of participants are groups correctly .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only count the given string .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of all given cursor from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  displays any warning .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send an email this interface is available on the given *prefix* and port .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  add the previous note that we need to authenticate with the firebase note that the response .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get path from svgreader .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return true if url is deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an ordered string of correct strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  check if a tenant already exists return if the tenant was removed or if the tenant was followed to the tenant .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert a volume id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends the data from the sentinel server .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a named file that is installed in the help files .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type by resource_type and db_property .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  attempt to remove the directory from disk .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  normalize a path name of a python file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a list of hosts that indicate the supplied tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get the inset from the loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch frappe into the bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  stringify the system horizontally .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a remote user for a container .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates *attr* as string representation of the given esi or class .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the natural form of the given message .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get all the clusters in a list of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file recursively .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g is a distance graph .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a user .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls func .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create the sasl for the given text .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  return a single geometric transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  rename a transcripts request .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  queries the entire server for a given data and return response .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  the default internet implementation .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  concatenate a string to a raise accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that passing the default gl of the given test backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  returns a set of sequences of sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  read in git data from **reclass** .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a unique acl after its acl after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert a time in seconds to an integer .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all file names in a directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert disk stats to boolean or none if not .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory on the filesystem .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  validates that the application is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by manipulation .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of notifications from a dictionary of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  recursive function for :app: .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal with the context .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test calc_footprint without looking at the end of the image .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert all model attributes to a list .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs a task development server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit mode .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the *l2* grade of the vectors for each element in a sphere .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners complex to elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  get the data directory path .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test discrete lyapunov function .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a string is a valid format .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a function func .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  another view that returns a popen object .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the path to the appropriate version of the __init__ file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either element or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the transaction .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  executes the given communication .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate an input file for explicit based on the given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  verify that vars with python 2 and **env output .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generates a bunch of all apps for a cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  generate a list of resource extractor with the same classes .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve a model class by name .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the configuration for use with the specific engine .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn if not present in the target directory .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a share object in the share spec .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  check existence of line-separated line .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns an equivalent to the dict[key] .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split the path into two parts: the first part of the path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convenience function to wait for an existing reactor .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  returns a boolean value plus the value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  helper method for searching for resources .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression where the first expression is in the expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the keyboard button for play/pause .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  get the closest closest codes for the current thread .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get a migration object by name .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d numpy array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns the key for a given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws client notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  send a dummy object to a string representation .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  start a wsgi server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test heterogeneous .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  get the user prefix for a given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized lower groups that contain any errors in the given probability distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  the decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a numpy matrix from a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event when a track event was generated .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test unicode bar titles are not accepted .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a xonfig prefix of xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test reading all es modules .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  helper for pending parse action .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  imports and return a module if it exists .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  converts a given value to a string .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  searches a list of python names and returns a string containing the given template name .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  get a string object for a user .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  the ipv4 address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the function out of username and use that is hosted .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  takes a python expression and returns a string object .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a python filename or random_product file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a possibly possibly string to a native format .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the total tensor of fit for running group .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar random variable from the specified secret file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  determine if an s3 key exists .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests if we are running as a yaml string .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  get an request object for a request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  extract wallis .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  returns a random item of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  removes the uri prefix from the given path and returns the removed .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information about all version of the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  wrapper around configuration that allows us to be available at least one of the given module and fails to do that! .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  marks the device as a string in a python template .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of all transitive variables inside a dictionary expression .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of roles to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  options for the action .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create an instance of the projector .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode data using a base64 encoding .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  fixture to fixture with a prime finder-comment .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate the date from a given date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad an iterable into a single vector .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get the input result from the given url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run module in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the base64 string to write to a python input .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  returns an instance of given token or open anonymous if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user def .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return the default time .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with spaces .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a unique email for a sequence of mail .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  resets the amount of vms allocated to vm .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  compare remote_info and direction around direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return the given args and periods of a function .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the state of the given state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given the entry of the system counts .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse the username/credentials out of an http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a shelve .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method or a list of parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs file .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if the given path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  seed the most recent precision .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared squared error regression loss for any tensors .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point in order .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the published entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a descriptors wrapping function for a columns of a list of lines .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  wrapper for efficient .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set price based on price and quotation in party .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get a privileges if not invalid .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find a specific volume type based on volume name and profile size .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the distributed virtual switches for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  return all relation strings in a string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its implicit name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recently updated data .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  server server tries to python installation .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if seqrecord checks that the system can check for other commands .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  upload files from a remote host using the selected host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid fns .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to write a key-value pairs in a dictionary of pairs .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  internal method to find the first argument passed to it .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import of numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  call the internal exception .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test kit usage of sqd when a kit zip file .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow root to be via root .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the string with camelcase converted to underscores .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a sentence correctly from an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given c{zope from the master .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip this plugin introduces a zulip where users get points for zulip the builds .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform tawn model of tawn 1988 .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of naive required for a project .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate an import table from the mysql table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  task responsible for creating new user .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get python configuration configuration configuration configuration from the database .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown the group id and gid on this system under windows .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns the time column .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  returns the path of this process that contains the default value .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  modify all registered middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a noop function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put a metadata of the specified directory .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns json deserialized path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant service .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  determine the triggers triggers for a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  this function calls the actual validator that will not yet been moved .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a differential equation into a dictionary of solution .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute dependencies and running the below one .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  find a file in a directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the first messages of the user that includes a piece of srs .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  generate a scrapy ami for the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  get the command to migrate a specific performance cli example: .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  tries to determine the connonical arguments for revision .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  get reference to the hosts within a specified cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function to return the lowest path of a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  generator that returns the open fileobject in the file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return the value of the values with respect to each element of the dict .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  context manager that is raised when an input file is raised .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  display an exception .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  runs a module in nominated namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the system should be edited .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if the account exists and the user can view .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given function .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  to create the ldflags directory we will return the copy of the emacs namespace .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample from a mixture of the mixture between two strings .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience function to create a new securely-generated param .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of available regions .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set up a javascript source code in javascript file .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return the native native type and put it into a dict .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least a wrong sparse matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  takes a list of bits and returns a string of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  convert the value into a field instance .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger directory path .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  given a list of torrent instances .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns the not loaded .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address of a device by device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a particular zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  execute a persistent viewer command in a separate image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device path .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract the basic date from a http date string .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  tests if filename may be a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call the function c{f} using a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates an environment with some information from the given global environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  returns the distance similarity for the given word .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks to a unix epoch in the given epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device path .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe the database engine so we can argumentparser it into an attribute of the plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets the datastore verbosity and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of the constant product of a sequence .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to be a created .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the ids of a user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a path->class uri back into the base uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  stack shape of the use of inputs .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  removes a random integer so that it was added; with datasets .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for an email address .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the value of the widget to the orange directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a task object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise the appropriate error if unavailable is not in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent outbox .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a dict of parameters that can be used with a known key to access a post .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the smallest similarity of the given similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns the next line number in the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a client for a request or username .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random os .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  update an instance .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  reads the image of a pil image file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the max value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the multiplier in the multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user info in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  adds a new library to sys .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  checks to see if a given pid exists in being in-process .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns a friendly string used for the current thread .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the list of collection names of a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily viewed daily by the contributions .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  generates a encint for encint large or b .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file in a given filename and return its current content .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  uninstall an apk package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the multicol cannot not use a populated with a simple view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the given html with all [x]html chars .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review field is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a data in double to a python 2 .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  convert a file:// url to a url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given data and returns a dictionary of django .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the call set-up set-up .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily add a fake state .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  given a string of an array of arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to an in-memory list of data connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns true if there is an available web .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  copies a error on error .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  copy a function or method from a local function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a new dictionary with the value in the dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  sets the logged in the views .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute percentage of average_precision_score loss for each port is restricted to the brier and end_time .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  checks to see if the ip for the given ip address exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts the given number of seconds into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  sending a scalar or a scalar from a scalar .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the opacity image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  return the default spatial pooler implementation .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator for notify a single file from a file-like object .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  convert an ipv6 string to a dictionary .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a file in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open a file object .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup the app for the worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and signs are not always in the system .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show the value of a certain configuration parameter .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for valid units with a prefix .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  an existing draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  run a program inside the given string .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response from a dict of fields to a tuple of .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  callback to add option to the list of kind .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  an ncbi with custom backend config .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create two rows of a sympy/numpy/scipy polynomial matrix x .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  returns the binary string from the given filename .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  returns the appropriate topic chain for the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the smtp tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to the new location of the new pub/sub server to be creates cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator that allows us to call a cross domain and returns a pair of css arguments .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number in an action list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return final status of final chars in statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  returns a path to target at a given path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  fix a test modules .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return an os connection using the mysql connection .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller - used to arg on the map of the given controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the sid interface used to process the various interface args: user_feed: : the clsid of the given clsid to create a specific keys .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the involucro frame .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a multi-range field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render all javascript data in json so that the javascript file can be read from the javascript database .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  tries to find the desired version of the user .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a value in the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private key required by the api service .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs ball ball .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  epost -> handle retrieves the most recent variables that correspond to a global database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper to return the cohort for a cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the current secret settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  helper method to create an in-memory thumbnail to create the thumbnail folder .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  run a function using the main implementation of the given function .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  removes fnclex needed for module builds from the failed context .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  notifies the tags from an object batch of tags .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  convert a float .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  helper function to add linked to chunk of strings .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  returns a list with the frequency distribution .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  adds the given language to the given pattern .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  give the default interface .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  extracts the value of a given variable from the environment variable name .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of content of all the manifest files found .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get the structured string representation of a color .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  iterate over all the 1 and waits for a certain signal .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database tables from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  converts unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two values using a specified key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if all the names match all of the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  create an ssl ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read the settings from the specified config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items in the correct list seems to set .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if the user is allowed to enter a certain uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove an arbitrary list of restricted text body from the response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting gradient .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  provides a snapshot .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  substitute the user to support email address .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return an iterator of tracebacks in the given directory .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that ensures that the given attributes are supported correctly .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the closest epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  clone a stub tensor .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add a single node to the node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a topic data to a dict of available data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  return a long int from a byte string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the inverse of the site-packages mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the current cli prompt with the input arguments .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  return a list of all vms for all vms present in this vmware environment to list vms in this vmware environment to return a specific cluster: cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get true if there are inside a negative : .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  extract lines from the first occurred file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of facility .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write a chunk to a chunk of data .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  computes the a decomposition of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which person of the person organisation for description .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  returns the [elementwise] stack of a sequence of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to define "weight" on the build as a job .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get all registered review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  get current site for an user profile .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a data structure appropriate clone of the received tool shed to a repository defined by the received .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  turn a nested sequence of lists into a single tuple .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  get the current system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  fixture to change the default database database database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an application which is raised by a given port .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  normalize a list of urls in the given local locations .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check if a field is an ipv4 or a unique integer .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  generate a list of 011 info for uploaded as a list of htmlform .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  run a list of commands in the given task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall an app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the interquartile range of the data along the given axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a given path from the scop .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  generate iso to handle result of data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  dave facility() facility() and resize the images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test dot with an array of 1 and labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create the root log for the received service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the number of sysprefix .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check that the logs has nicely and end of the check for the check .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  rabins polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the cached features from the csp response .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  take a protocol port and return its integers/bools as a service .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  recursively collects a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a registered trophy .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager which changes the temporary directory to the given directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return all possible difference of the autoregression difference between the two dataseries .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the python module is installed .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  return the amount of characters from the given string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes a string for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input a given problem with a given problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for notify_url for misc/acks that attempts to load aws credentials .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method with a jpg error message .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock the tab function for json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return a list of the html matches the given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create a unique version of a filename .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into command table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the function calls to repeat .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  connect to the mailchimp identified by the mailchimp framework .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the default size .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  docstring for mobsf and mobsf some motion .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  given a schema .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list of message sizes for use in a time response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to state if it has been changed .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj can be created if pyephem are the same as the pyephem for both the files in manual .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  print the users message data in the db .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize value into a string field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given number of bytes .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  the main function for the minion .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary for a given object that uses the ctype type and returns a tuple .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new cookie at the given temp_dir .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that adds 'inline if 'inline is a decorator .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit given limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple class decorator that asserts that the given list of traces are inside the list of classes .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  other accordingly this is a native string which contains a single python 2 and turns it into an unicode string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the path of the ansible .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  generator that preserves existing line breaks .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  wrap a resource .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps a cookie .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this decorator to invoke the same length as the fake fake methods .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create an argumentparser to read the command line options :returns: the argparse argument .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  get a private key for a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the linkage parser for a non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  merges function to handle blocked and a function .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first and degrees of a pair of complex second in the second line .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorator to convert a asynchronous response to an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  callback to handle a random unified for a positive curve .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  helper to lock a python object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of promo velocities that are not a template .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a figure and a matplotlib clip .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a single state orchestration routine .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of integer entries into a list of annotations .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  return a random text string with a given decoding .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace special characters in a dict with delif .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  helper function to capture a checker server preferred .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  order a list of integers .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  compute the sum of taxes and added to an iterable of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  run a folder and collect it to the given version .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the creation of a list .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test either if an disregard is raised via pilight .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  update search index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  ternary a dictionary of product bits .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  scan a node and return the result of it .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  gets task data from a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a matrix .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add rotation loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  separate an postgis list to list of ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes an userservice and an identifier and returns the string which can be used by an identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  convert the given value to a port number .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a generator of b in p2g format for node nodes .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  generates all possible chunks from n pin .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  convert a to a 2-d array parameters x : writable array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create an input .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read a list of node zones .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl opengl backend .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test from auto-scaling in bool mode .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return information on open ports and states .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with indexing or a tuple .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split and bad metacharacters into a train and bad vector .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db store are marked as a store_fs .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns the current list of registered apis .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  copy each source file to another target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a worker notification in a sequence of values .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load builds builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a specific endpoint from a strict document .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert pure string into a pure complex or a pure point value .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  regression test for #1244 .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all network usage associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed valued on the arrays of the values in the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the labels function is properly formatted as a fixed operator .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and kind on the first kind of the second kind .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets password form .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 or rgb array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly version of getobjects dispatch .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  return the first ip addresses of the tagging host and put it into the tagging ip addresses .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders a certificate to the certificate template with the given certificate context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  returns generator of splodge tuples in character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns an expression of random characters within a given form .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  returns a list of eventrenderers of all events of the specified date .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a remote endpoints with a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  copies a partition <from-minor> back to the sysv partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth nth moments of a given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of module settings that should be imported in the given directory .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  perform the measurement on an eeg message .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  change the value of a specified pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of the models for each datasets in a list of datasets .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combines a list of games into one big player generator .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  run a node of chip sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  mutation annealed the input path with a url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  lists all metric .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  will use the obey process of the path .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  deletes a single column constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a test connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all available widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test the temporarily .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria and populates the admin .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of tag tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print output of the source space .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove the old data for the directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a service to display .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  return an object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on whether or not the value passed in .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get python documentation directory .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of targets that are marked as a single timezone .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the unicode dsym file .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes from provided user for a specific course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all instance flavors .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test epoch with volume names .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  adds a documentation to the beginning of a response .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  link to the current subprocess .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract a json file body from a checker .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the float angle for a rotation .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a serialized cookie from a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  calculate deltas for a byte string .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the given string is a string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir function c{f} .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a dataset instance for the given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  generate a link to a list of pairs .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save state .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for creating a directory .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a signal handler to handle merging the customer signal .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a subdictionary object with the result of a configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a list of files from the os .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to check policy corresponding to the context .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to save the data .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate a specific groupby fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create an instance of a :term:router request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the maximum number of each tag in the string .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  clears the url and mark for the scenario editing .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the previous version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  multiply two columns of columns .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the modules .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the batch of a sequence .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute gaussian noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  this is a separate function for simulating a module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  make sure ast can compile valid resources .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  test_expr -> iterator return an expression where each input variables matches the input variables .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves a workbook to the progress document .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks that conda of a boolean array must be run against the defined interface .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the given mark .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file and return a dict mapping .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  equations using user module to mr .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face from the edge .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a conda command with pyenv shims using a specific version .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  aux function .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two instances of a given object .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  function for multiple logging instances .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population of the named data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  returns a generator of all lines and translated are in the given list of snippets .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  test that added to watch reads the observer and flushes .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  list of string which should not define own django caching .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  this is a decorator that returns true if the user logs be run .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns a relative path to the static settings file from the next load-balancer directory that is designed to be passed to the static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  this function calls app_reverse() to get action on the input data .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  set the libcloud module of the vm installed .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns the path for more than one path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the given tag with the given tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a new registered connection .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  use the rest api to import a migration module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  converts a system matrix to a vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns the most appropriate token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find the face contains a rule in the passed font file .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string for all permissions within a given string .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns the 2-d identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  ensure that column-expressions works properly .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  expect the given message in the qutebrowser log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of n .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  return the the valueerrors of the given ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return function to precompute for group .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the list of child elements in a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the sequence of longest elements corresponding to the given seqs .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a path from a list of absolute paths .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues and mac address .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  parse a line of output .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize the master string representation of the given process .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a randomly generated search term for zen models .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a xdg configuration in config .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  returns the most recent version of the remote server .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  creates the filter that gives the filter .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram width using ellipsevisual .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a invalid value as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp amp .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns info about the file-based filesystem path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  report exit when an event was previously running .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a previously installed plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  because the process with reap is running .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  get hosts and create an optional folder in the file located in directory that exists .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get tuple loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  the revision revision is to the hg .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an http error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  serialize the given request to the generic view .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  make sure every string is an integer .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  function to get/create the oslo_config before creating a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when an cleanup is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter the xml document for a problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return an format string for use in writing .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  fake version of pip .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  get a list of color desired color directory .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return information about a container cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path for the builtin file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  populate a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator for service argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  simple entropy .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  return an build top level of the ui with the given exe .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate the javascript for a sequence of rules that can be used in the given template .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule url for a year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues up the given stream on a file .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  stacks a line into a 2d array .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds a node to the target index using the parent index of each node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if a database is in use and decorator .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the object is loaded and the elasticsearch .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a connection to the layer .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to compile a device for a given device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  add an xml tree to a string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the debug debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe a volumes .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  the *any* api will execute the given attributes on ctypes .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  train the database to download the assets request .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  preload and return the test module .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  helper method to check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create a directory version of the distribution .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  check for generating filename .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the debug backend for the current thread .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  return true if the latest image can be present .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches fetches logs for a given user .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given node to the parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert a bufsize into a list of tuple .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  converts a rule to a string .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert a new into the target into the given target into the vm .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns true if the given secret key is allowed .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  create all drawdowns .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  get an instance of the request object .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get a list of all list of user objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts the headers from the document .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses table column from previous squared file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop the image in the specified dimensions .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts file to disk .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  a helper function for equal to the device-relative equal to the activation .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return all members of a group cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  returns the ith position of the finite function .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the data to a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a context manager for pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  encoded string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  generates a version of arguments .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a regularization object from a list of callback/errback .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  get sequence of op instances of op instances .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a properly for a given fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  retrieve the thread count of the most appropriate error message .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a human-readable time for human readable time .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements file .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a buffer and return certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  the geographic directories will takes a single tool shed url and returns a partial tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a happy task .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  set a the current revision .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore at the first part of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  a regression decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator of the page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  allows to be used in most derived 1 .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  helper function to render the values of an image .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  extract the date from the headers and returns the resulting date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  recursively looks like a url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink the decorated method .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  request a csv to be used as a background task .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that connection clients to a global connection clients .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase containing all the dependents number .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  time-varying time-varying function for linear differential .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  converts rcode into a string .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  return the current time as a timezone .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  the log policy for inserting into the configurations .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve all available boot file cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and implementing attribute *attr* for the decorated function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  sets the local dict for the current context and stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether name is installed with this document .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a list of a given leading bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  context manager that changes the iterably .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to postgresql for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to a file object .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value into multiple data structure .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  expands a libcloud key to its value .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  test os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of absolute config paths to use .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  returns a boolean of the default pathext .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that we can tokenize sources .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  create a proper proper response object for a given proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the complexity of a complexity of 0 .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a discrete random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return the number of snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate the given model instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper function for getting a single sample size .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login form for a too user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the gauss-chebyshev of a set of nodes in a square matrix .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes data in base64 format to base64 format .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the project factors of x based on the model factors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  deletes a bunch of key-value pairs for a given year .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  get a windows service qurl for this windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a mask mask to a native slice indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a default initializer for weights or bias of a given list of weight wavelet .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  for each option in each row returns a dict of indexes .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show the information stored in a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the discrete log of the gamma function .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize center function .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the named gemset exists name the name of the gemset to remove rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return the active contributors for the current date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  create a class that makes the default response to the class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge python options and pass the current commands to an environment .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if the user should be written in the shell-like log file .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  convert a polynomial to a coding .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors in x and x .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  xdomain view .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  retrieve the dna/dna file object .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split the option of all systems and descendants .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace -> boolean replace the lagpoly expression with all occurrences of data in expr .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  get simple parser for use in the substitution .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a salt_chars from version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a helper function that returns the text string from request headers .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run system command .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a user permission to the model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a copy of all unique item in a reserved .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  prints error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given statement node node name node is a function node with the specified arguments .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss between two sparse loss .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  track how to track user is thread .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a class name for the class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into multiple groups .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compiles template_string into a new-line filter for the given amount of strings .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return the path to the directory where the file state is found .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get input from the user and python 2 .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  stores the original image with the original image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti key group of the selected group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  bing a google service for google cloud natural .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities from the operation .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  compute label on the graph returns: node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the currently set up to salt passwords cli example: .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn an rule into a flat list of results .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the geometry loop path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse and return the contents of the matrix .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a file-like object into a list of xml tuples .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random gate of the private key .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  craetes a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot of a template from a template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the given pack type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  safely tshark .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all installed package names .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  transforms a snapshot to the cinder exception for the given snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  the supplied table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take a along an axis of an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get a list of files of a track object .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a provider and an ordereddict .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group from a domain for a domain from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  construct a message from a basic string .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  remove an installed images image : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured cache .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  variable options in the expression .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email after identifier .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test for series of contexts .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback for the queue .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple greeting .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes the changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  generate a 3d rotation matrix for rotation images .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  the user view .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager which changes the **unit** collector to see if a specific index/indices is set up on a specific file .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns an integer representing a random challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  convert a mode value to a socket object .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  converts a dictionary of pairs into a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if the query will be set .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  called when the user wants to access a page .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears out all alarms on the alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse the given raw options and return a buffer object .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a python source file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export remote from the master cwd the path to the remote location .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped vm : string vm to be stopped key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image with the given criteria .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary mapping from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the number of particular control this dbref are logged in the given of a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return for a batch of polygon .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a options backend for the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the maximum matrix cosine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the actual header of a header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested methods to a method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns deployment representation of a given filepath .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return reoriented morphological morphological arguments: size -- input string .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the matrix of the elements in a sequence .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that takes a list of all requests and a users node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  forces hex color to be an ascii string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create a new l{iopump} instance from a docker operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut of a volume .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode record .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  builds a dict mapping lun id to lun lun lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether there is some the specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer and a file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  extract multi-byte data from a rpcs byte string .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  constructs the given json string from the json text .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a percentage of random key and return it .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get downloader value from the place .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check that the input vlim is valid .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian objects .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the given html with all the specified value .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  build a zipline cluster fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the fully url for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the bp .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the url for a course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  authenticate the template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  verifies if if if there is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get a complex complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a bound method on superclass class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if access is available and is rparen .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: env-file execute a file or builds a game .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  timestamp-like a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find a key and load timestamp for future use .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  convert all the panel data in a panel .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this is a wrapper around os .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first file for the current working directory .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this function is for validating the files in the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a path from the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merge 2 .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used in pathlib .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  returns generator of integer n x .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  check that the regression loc and can work in the normal exclude_names as close to cosine-type are passed in .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  helper to add namespace to an tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  get a pointer to the given operation on the given operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dict of files with the desired metadata metadata and the value of that data .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  get an iterable of standard path for the specified file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates an adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert a figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  basic test .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  internal sign_in function to add axis of axis if none .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test write and writing of results .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant create a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of the logging .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse an environment string and return the value .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value to the lists .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return a mask which is used in a given format .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping to be able to .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  returns the p-value of the first kind of n .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of commands .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates value for a string value .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with forums .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return partition try to debconf .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that start with a bad file descriptor with a bad column in .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  returns the hash of the value - normal version .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a pathname is a host .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  in the default authentication handler .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames graph .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  takes a string and a multinomial expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary of the value passed in values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  dimension a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  adds an xml document that can be included in cdata .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  checks a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  used to get a single tree from the salt master cli example: .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  given a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  get all templates available for a given source and user .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of available error .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  take a dictionary mapping b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id or list into two list context strings .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return or degree and axes # the given axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy files in src to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  checks if a machine exists in the system is importable .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the users using the connection .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  open a certain text element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a testsuite that has all test classes from a given list of test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  ensure all the objects of the given objects are enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  generate a generator of position of the position of a series of int .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a string of the given attribute .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  the main function for prefix .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests the file creation will need a test suite .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return never or date if applicable .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  return the store .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  allow for the string to be used in the config file .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return true if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  return the score of the appropriate score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  simply decodes a command .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset in reset .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  return the given lookup encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of udivisor n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site name .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if you dont have a valid path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : lparen .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output names of the provided opt info .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  for statentry .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test decorator for methods off of a canvas .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  computes the degree of a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a yearly flow for bem .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  the fractions of a certain identity .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if the sections is not in the sections .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a iterable object inputed domain object as entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order exchange amount rather than specified order by specified specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull shape and slice from list .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  get the model model in the given app .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a directed graph of the given directed graph .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove all entity headers that are present in the header .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a basic rate to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on a given metric from the local metric .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an attachedvolume value from an equalizer equalizer the equalizer equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix in windows .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the absolute path of a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get default contact contact .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate a precomputed instance from config and save to current page .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of all groups .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the full connection information .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider that is in a given vm .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether x is a proxy .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  makes a set of wanted polynomials .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with random bytes .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the upnp contributions for a given calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of a matrix .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the provided job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  skip the test if in data is true .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  search for cinder .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the gaussian distribution of a tensor .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read the modules from a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  read in the distance file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the standard error of the mean for an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the list is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the gaussian vector where *x* are non-zero .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  split the combined combined combined w .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  optimize meg by tensortypes .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  recursively pack lists of tensors to maintain similar structure .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock mock mock dies with error .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given doctype .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  get about all about the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  find the errback of an iterable object .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if there are uncommitted .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  raise an error if iface is a dirichlet formatted string .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is path outside base? .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration for this exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  return a hex column string for the specified row .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a password meets password hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return the content of a request .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  transforms the base64 tags to a string .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  process the source files and their states into a destination directory .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test if mistakes is not installed .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence of creation since the threshold graph .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the sensor and a set of lines .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the mariadb of a line in the given global directory .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not own these systems .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  get a value of the current operating operating system .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the text of an rss site url .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado client to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get position of a given sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  single transaction view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a file has protected protected .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  get sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  verify that the given c{l{makexmltags}} are not none .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the list of all the running commands .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a configuration option .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in a dask .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  utility method to always returns the module number of module and the translation object to bytes .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  represent a sympy expression with a disjunctive operator .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  common use for ip address .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  install a flocker user on the node using the given package .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return binary path of a binary string .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the character extents case is the mounted buffer .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a time value to an excel number .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for the difference between the original context .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk functions for a cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute polynomial of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a call with the specified overwrites .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a list of the package that the package version or not the package accepts not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate is a valid certificate and can be verified .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  adds the provided stage to the files and place them into the url .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a basic query showing a queryset .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  draw string for a string or pwd or a number .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  returns the list of all audit rules .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of existing step .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  test that an empty credentials are raised when url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options related to the given defaults .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip address is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure that all metadata_url can be disabled .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  fetch the volume tag from a cloud volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  create database record in database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  encrypt an mri mod sizes .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  check for missing default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a recursive element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return the prefix for the current user where user prefix has sudo .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the directory or a file .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  the freshdesk parsing function for sorting in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  automatically specify the user name and set profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  adds state to an http view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  default implementation of component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if given stream is in encoding encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  checks for an update .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  the function to decode and height of the nearest individual .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  an empty thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit meg position based on meg and disconnects .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if the current site is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fake version of alternatives .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  switch to the most recent event .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke a list of privileges .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  helper for down the reasonable entity for a certain package .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  helper function to open a single filename and writes the database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task object .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a random published random string .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively map types .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the diff of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from flavor/image type .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  simple replacement for gitmodules api .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  doji star .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  adds a new plugin to a new language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  use as a decorator to create sync that runs sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes the given stream to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  wrap integer for python code with start .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure that uuid can be updated as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of available ctids .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  displays the latest tool shed by the data .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an path to a os path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if the passed version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that the given value contains at least one element in saving .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic cov creation and i/o .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  retrieve all breakpoints info for a given path .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read data from file in hdf5 format and enhanced the stack .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query that go go over all unattended unattended .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a circular instead of the nodes in a graph .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate random file with raven .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_eval .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  try to find the first matching of the list of filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  logarithm of a function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  not linked to courseware topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use the decorated function to invoke threaded .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert a string value to a list or false .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all the characters in s with newline .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have state state for a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data operator methods for binary .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve an s3 credentials for use in a resource for an oauth resource .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster in the transfers table .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reverse the opkg package names that are installed .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  converts a dictionary of pairs into a dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given password matches the expected key in the password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a list of instances with the given state in the given state .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test for a task with a list of data .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  create the fields of a log file in file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a list of the graph nodes in the graph g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  return the arithmetic time of the texture problem .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  enter a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported by the transparency platform .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the python implementation supports no newline .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  generator for issue each setup .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get detailed peering connection given a vpc name .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  helper function to create a tuple from a source location .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid python path .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize python data to a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert a bytestring if given bytes to unicode .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle click of data .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  folder for all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return linear gradient of the linear batch .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict of all the metadata for a bucket metadata file with name and their types .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a coefficient date to the number of items of the corresponding nonnegative it is max .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create dask bag from a dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  allows a :class: .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  return the model matching the given configuration state .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  returns the rank of the texture function .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper to check if a list of files are present in the path .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns the user that the given datetime before the process has an object .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by a project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  recursively clone a directory for the specified parent .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get the information on the system .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator used to mark a test case that performs a testtools decorator and applies the testtools .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the path to the process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the url is explicit with scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the configurations path and changes .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  takes iso 8601 format and converts it into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean up the 2d numpy array of scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  factory that will initialise and return a scenario that places load on the cluster by performing tolerance .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a iso evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the keystone module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this function merges the wheels .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  context manager that simulates etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  helper function to get and/or get parameters from a reverse view in a arguments .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  returns true if path is absolute .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test the creation report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  perform a bridge on the local state .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the specified repository is a malicious malicious repository and contains malicious changeset revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the inner output directory .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a list of valid serial stored in serial that is not a valid serial serial serial .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  return a string representing the major platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister class names on an instance of the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  simple /s of how vlanhost a list of network .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of the first vector3 .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  executes a queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  returns the discrete log of n .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse the siteclass proportions for evennia proportions .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel indication section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get ssh key for root to use .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct an xml tree from the given node node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs an nx2 clusters on a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates a syntax into the python dict .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy the file system trying to match a base64-encoded string in the specified string .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  securely-generated the sequence of tuples to generate a function that can be called after each iteration .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a model and validates its metadata .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to wrap an icon freturn .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a cross-validation cross-validation between iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  fetch the current user .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  sample a sphere from a multiple sinewave oscillator .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the platform is present .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  return physical frame for the call of *x* .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print a procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b under the different position .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build the setuptools models and build a unbroken adapted models .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage of this script .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks for common property keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  executor demo .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  create matrix for arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sends a name to the process listed in <program_name> .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true if the user exists in the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form field with a form .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name cli example: .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a shell command using the given shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  extracts and returns an instance of the pcontracts .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  reads comments and version from the given fobj .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel kernel x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  create a function for a cffi type this function creates a cffi pointer based on the given cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  when a process fails .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using installing from a virtualenv .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a python structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop resetdb .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a number .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lowess function for computing the linear regressions function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  init networking addresses goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs usage logs if not .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the scheduled_at field and update in the list of sls .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a list of bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  finds the parameters for each value of the given graph and part of them .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer description :return: returns a list field on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  returns the index of a and column as a set of categorical -dimensionalarray .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  create a slice string containing a list of unsigned .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data body .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that can be valid according to assets .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics for an virtual user .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return current user instance from request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which serviceprovideeditview the exhibit connection to an existing object .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart a vm by name .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive numbers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait for the prompt to be done .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  redirect with a list of warnings .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domain turned into domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds appropriate settings to settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the email sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should extract step steps from the step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple task that emits ob for a user in the original session .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup fritz!box call sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  checks if the source is fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  subtract spherical polynomial of degree bessel function .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  retrieve authentication url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads the special characters from a string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  the command-line argument passed in -> list .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the model object from the file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  when a varnish exception is an optional cell .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a naive image from a vispy image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the message to the specified column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  am i must not relevant .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  the reader should try to make it start with a tab .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the given clip to the clip of the clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test the state of the matlab function .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return the list of all untracked files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  returns a generator of response input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  locates args: items: of the given user for which for all expired items .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the classes that would be found in a test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being asked to look up a string or object .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view to log the user to .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals from discussion on discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a list of words in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a helper function to read from a file .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  wrapper for the default stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear mine from the minion .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  adds a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a float .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and sleep the context .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  get a sorted collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a indices to the given string representing the battery in a roulette .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update the google_calendar_devices .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  generate a vcenter server with the given connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  find the set of lines in a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  simple but just a .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelinks: test class on path .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve a one-time client .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the max between two vectors .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the sender from the file .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging of user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  chown a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification via deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email after purchase with order invoice .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the configuration backend for the specified backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we can tokenize without spaces if we have to .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  regression test for url this module .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create a autoscaler for a virtual machine .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user has access to the group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  am i have pycuda method .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a string for the process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  asserts a list of attribute strings for the given attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  return the routes of the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  args: filename: : the lwt table returns: out: switches .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the given screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin approx to a miller-rabin cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  returns an or-ed version string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  wrap docker login_required to the docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  apply a profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two polynomials are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether the user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is if path is if path .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the type of the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize the model for all completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for project .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to data home directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the parent_url address of a url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive in text .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  generates the activation from the intermediate distribution defined by the samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get a client-side by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove safely or ?unc prefix from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  report edit for a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the name of the ~ to be an event nodes in the reg represented by the event given by the event loop .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group cli examples: .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  starts and prompt for event events .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the percentage of a signed enough .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a json-string for the given cluster .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the model instances of the desired object backwards .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  scheduler up the surface of a tar frame .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get list of doctypes of file names .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that all zeros can be converted to a multi-line string .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  test chargeback for a vbl is called .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  add a dotted path to the default video path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  returns an authorized headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the deast deast formatted in used to find tiny side .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a container .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk section of file and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the list of groupings for the specified groupings .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete all tables .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get a due date based on a posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a simple embedding function which returns a proper http server generated by the deny library and the votable .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about the about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to a unix int representing the number of microseconds since datetime .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  add the host to settings .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the process object has a given process name .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a response .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  get the descendants of a given model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  return a virtualenv for the named package .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a generator that will cause a bokeh to be passed .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  an cola function of dict and processes them in a module dict .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by their sorted alphabetically if it is sorted .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return the compressed list of paths for the user scheme .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  fixture for tests .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a string like the node in a principal node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure that a certain user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  return a list of file names in the given filename .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  assure a container instance as a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  returns a database schema .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  convert a nested dict of flags to an xml list .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump message into log file with severity info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test for operators .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update sailthru when marketing is enabled args: username: a template representation of sailthru template identifier for sailthru .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  set the params for the specified parameter .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default address .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a batch for an image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the image at the given image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  split a cache line into a single line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup tellstick wemo binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  a string that indicates whether or not a value is a known set .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the pip metadata to an modulestore .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply function of arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty pdf file and drop back into empty .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the providers api that will be used to compile an augmented list .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create a user is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  convert a path into a relative url path * for relative system .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load the provided json object from the sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace level .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  raise skiptest if intermittent fails parameters skip_condition : bool a test function to be decorated .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  run flowgrams in any sff way .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  create a astroid function that applies a function to a include a function .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  wraps the applications .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function and then call a remote server .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  returns the index of the 2-d value in y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if two hitmask are multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a filesystem user from the system .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  load all loaded modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether the input part of the document is probably a boolean .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test multiple instances of a wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the transaction manager .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  returns the symmetric function of the requested definedname .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the standard normal proposed indexing between two numbers and targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill the doc process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend an image with a series of alpha .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  find the maximum order of the boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse model gives the same result as sparse .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch the current fetch page .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  validate the setup for nested driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign all completions to a given type using the symbol .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of a user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates model_class and returns html with supplied tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse an html list of strings into a dictionary of prefixed optionally create a dictionary of no cms .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return the value of a matrix .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the system encoding for the current locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  representing the installed version of the package or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete an bookmark object for the user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  returns the polynomial of a given intersection of text .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing "-" to "_" .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the java .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  display a string for the next sun .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize the given data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a wrapper around openbsd object .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user id to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a :class:flask application instance configured with the specified settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the list of files for an artist or gzipped .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation level .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler for change user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare bem checks for two independent .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize commands and change given list of corrected commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes standard normal random source distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get the authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall top window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns none if the cell is set and the passed number .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that yields corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split the given attributes using the given list of keys and split them into a single string .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator that converts a caller function into a caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of windowsservice options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a examination .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a wsgi engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return an httpresponse with the specified name .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the effect of a dataset and the immediate figure .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that are adam for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  return a list of all packages found in the package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the context for the specified local stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write the fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  perform the oauth2 numbered parser for specifying specifying and time when running under the slaves .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  output a parsed optional key for commands .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the csrf text for a given csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  returns the current process name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read exactly until the specified number of bytes are up to a socket .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the applications which is in the category/package .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription by its id .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  add a list of ipv6 addresses to the ipv6 address bypass the ipv6 addresses .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns the detected filetype .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users to the model .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  rehash the contents of a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a copy of the default locations for a locations .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  does the dirty function have a class .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function that returns the function at the given function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python string to be a python object .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  safely decodes a random string for the bytestring data .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return an integer as a list of string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  decide whether one element is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a pathname .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to echo back to classes .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure that a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create a new zwietering with the specified name .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function *method_name* on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  loads a list of module instances from a module setting .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  calls the way to poweroff a timeout on the system .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  helper function that makes sure elements of labels are change .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split the path into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates and returns the diacritical policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return true if the image is consistent .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  type: - hashable hashable all nested sequences of thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dictionary of version strings .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop the tokens section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  returns the name of the objects type .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check to see if the table has the the specified table in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the full url of the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  comb a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value in iterable that have at least none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  display a special button for the given name and button .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy an item from the list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a string with markers in the given string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  handler thrown by mapping .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  determine which clustering in p2g format is known as to compute the distance of g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  add or add a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to maintain the list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  formats output to a dot format according to the output format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set current part of simultaneously .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  converts first_name to unicode string .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  checks the time statistic on a z according to squares .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  update packages to be done for a list of plugin .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given named existing volume is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  import the class and return them according to the target class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test iterate over server .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the craft craft .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  read a bucket from an s3 path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the flat parameters into flat file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  create a test run for use in tests .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the layer for a process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  test with table with table assignment and without initializing them .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  flattens a list of unique elements into a single chain .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  converts a given template to the extra url .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test rasterization with missing key/value pairs .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all user from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  encode a string according to an argument .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get the page size .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints the summary of all the results .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  websocket negotiate .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian of the network interface .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the function from the show vendor and returns the serial_number vendor .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit a new window .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return the stride: of the ico link: .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  generates an password for a reset reset password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  return the configuration options to use .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build sumaclust then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  returns all coefficients of the absolute value with coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to hash a password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  adds support and menu variables to the qutebrowser resource .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  generate coordinates in style_dir ascii string .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread for eventlet .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  return a trivial graph of a hub .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is of an instance of the consumed .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check that increment is only used for defining an error .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy append raw recording .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  search the given file for the specified name .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a subdictionary object from clustering in this dictionary .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  given a regex id and a regex .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  search for endpoint .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  fetch the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject names that can be used as a test .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more devices cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  remove files from a file located on the moose cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  returns true if the python version is a given python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  set the log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create the number of flags and creates the verifies mode .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model fails with simple concurrency while creating an exception .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns the first set of the given agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check if we are editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to upgrade .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  decode an decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  computes the prde product of x fourier series .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current user with an email address in the db with a user with the provided email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the versions of an ssh server .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract the snmp snmp data from the data .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  return the current usage .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to find the cache folders in the hsa-python .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks the context object as wanting .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content for the cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  non-restartable the number of numbers in a list .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  evaluates an array of exponent .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to be in the range [low to be in the range for samples .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits sequences of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a public descriptor instance to descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator for views that closes a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown completion .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new :class:spyne object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode an html string to a native string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this function is called when applying a feature of the wav .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the expectation representation of an expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text to a specified width .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from the postgres keychain to remove keychain the certificate to remove keychain the keychain to install the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart all nodes in the traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command details .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the hybi-07 hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  generate a fake component object to a zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  from a distance matrix to the specified size and end of the matrix .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find shortest path lengths in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the path of the sympy dir .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a helper to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load module modified from the given mode .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in dict d1 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the position of a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge 2 chars that compare the values of a list .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete a metadef object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the id of the xblocks id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that marks the given action function as side-effect-free .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  imports and return a module if it exists .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  prints out logging calls .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f modulo a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should extract regular step correctly from the list of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for ranking of the form .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  convert an arp ip address to a team .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  try to guess off indexing installed packages .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether or not the server responds is on modem" if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart on events cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  the answer function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  parse the course_published and a file-like object .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  run a server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  make an sms phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an instance of the objects for the given exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  iterate over the specified stream .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica twice test artemis123 components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a database is run .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story file to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version in the newer version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of an event using a analytics strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering release complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to unique local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function takes a string and returns a list of words that are not implemented by the user .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return a logical free urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns whether the command passed to subprocess is not been set .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element to an explicit template tag .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  return a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls to support fancy and - needed for the current request/thread .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the position of all the prioritize of a through the given list of chunks .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to iterate over all fields in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  used to track how to reset to a list of accessible actions for all accessible accessible via the course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano function that match the given number of theano .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  used by erf/erfc and ssl_context ones .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  perform a new commas: commas: .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  returns true if x keys are equal .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test application format .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the boolean value .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a socket packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  update and write example to file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  run a command and return its results .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named job is absent name the name of the job to remove job system to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  generate a list of feed copied from a string .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  call conda need to be passes against subprocess .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip address from a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns a right-stochastic code in the given node .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of bootstrap settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target and the output: .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  function used to lxc loss function .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  this generator flattens a list of the original list in a sequence .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  do not expose method to add a message to the todo .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter lookup by a variable .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a default chart .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  helper method to get a phone code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the linear traces of figure .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  subtract an array of space characters from a space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string made up of a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  generate the global str for use in the app .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the swap device size of a given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a set of valid ngram .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  bind the given values to the given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  bessel/thomson of log of a time design .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename and return a dictionary of cookie: tables .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns filesystemloader initialized with or its environment variable .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  create a list of the currently installed files .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  find the host from accessible host and return the host .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  returns a random string where a cookie is false .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  check a response has a json error .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  get date for a given expiry time .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the mqtt service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the generates group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  empty logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  when an exception is raised .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the contents of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns a string made up to a text string .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from an object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  get all available table classes from the catalog service .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  return the index of a specified line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  fill the inset file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  return the minimal dataset .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  update a group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle post blocks on a tree object .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on its prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  helper function to check if a field is valid .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  generate the text of the given width and return its percent .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write the value to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  tests if filename is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  only load log base output when uploaded .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  determine if masked version is not a default .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  get list of indent hint hint .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the proposed output colorless .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke up the task to respective all students .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the difference between two lists .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  runs a command on a stack .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the social login class .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  verify that the supplied datastore is a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading a table with unbounded columns .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and verifies file from list of strings .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add or remove the given namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  returns the string of a given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast an argument to true or false if the value is a yes/no yes/no function is not a yes/no value .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a formatted time formatted for a time .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  renders a template messages with context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  checks if a path is within the dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language class french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to define .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  configure logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  compute the progress path of the input element in toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  takes a list of root-mean-square .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion release section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  returns the default rgb value from handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  returns the request should be used for user to display .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal string for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  ensure that the search history is done for the search .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  json file from cache directory .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command and capture output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  the html message name .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that ensures that the stack for a stack exists .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse the first word of a dict .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution in a dictionary .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes a random runtime-specific so that it does not change so that the input data wont automatically variation .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter factory to use the middleware with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  process lines by a cooked line parameters src : float ndarray src : int number of observations to process returns profile : boolean array .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  converts a string for a byte string to a python 2 .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if filename is a any file in any file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get a path name from the prefix and suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature and returns the result .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  given variables like x_0 .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  count the attribute of the item instance .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile object of a given type .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit view is filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the unix text if a file descriptor *fd* .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  fake function of ethernet .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the given count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the class registered to the alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to find the stdout of a package .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a document for converting packages in a dictionary .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test input and test the input source and target layers .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the channels of a store info refs .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  returns a draft we should recreate the given location in the given category .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  huffman huffman and "push values from situations system .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  this function combines a fake unicodeencodeerror and give a specific one .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  get a collection of characters in a collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the overlap is available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  a context manager that expects the current theme to override the given theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create a list of tests to run a test modules .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  return tuples of examples: from broadcasting .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  returns a tuple of the rejection header dict .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return a list of unique id .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  lock a file descriptor asynchronously .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  returns a short at the given hash for a given hash token .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for the specified wcs .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a file to an toc file .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the home directory for the user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan and qos_id .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert a string in readable format to an array .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a and b under the different mix .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given list/sequence of values by ids .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  asks the default widget for a widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes the index of the jinja2 .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  verify that an key exists for the given host and host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto statement .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until the given function has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack any basis .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a factory that can be fields to pass to 1 .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default product name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  create a list of tuples of auto-correlations .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content to global i returns a global or backward .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a string representation of a function .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the string from a tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  converts any lists to a python data structure .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture which provides a recwarn instance .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  adds a tablespace to the db .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the radio group params for a group id .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of events and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the current directory of the given directory .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a song file override the given delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  get list of human enabled in string .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require a system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  converts the types of a particular ndarray into a ndarray .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  returns true if the tour app is tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate the cumulative distribution for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  try to determine if the url is used .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  helper function to format user saved in user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  perform a url off the given url and return a list of query string .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  fft the erfa dependencies for one erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validate google cloud storage key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  parse a canonical host:port string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  gracefully boot the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a simple graph object containing the reference data .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the vm name specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  computes r^2 vectors using epochs .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  get single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path from the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the given ip address is a rfc1918 address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if the directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a new components to the problem .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  generate an html path from the directory .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the database .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a recursive list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where should be supplied as a
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a point of the current numpy value .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on cinder distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create a l{reactorbuilder} class for testing .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the flash |prefix| is a flash there .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates inversion_function local domain object ids .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct constraint for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  calculates the time series between t and the online_last_minutes point .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert a etree element to a line3dcollection subscription string .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test timedelta structures with a timedelta label .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the standard uniform .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch an argument to the remote refs .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  fill the inset file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks for file existence and readability .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  find the number of distance rank in a system .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a mp .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a single figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer value to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten an example variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  wrapper for timing terms written in declarative notation to overriding a timezone-agnostic term .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  used internally by the _ .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns the named nodes of the given graph from named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  return the url to a given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  does not use anything .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  transforms a triplets into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a linode which python implementation of the same prefix .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods with a bound class name .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  keep a parameter param .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  make sure the w is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split a private server into a google server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns the system roles that are linked by the query .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if the given semaphore is a _release_info() last post_update .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks for any musicbrainz routes and returns the routes method .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  generate a random dynamical graph containing the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and creates a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add git support to a single version of support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests if a function is called from a function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  define a llvm function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  create a new key in memcache and set it .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  run the timeout timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a list of tag strings to a list of 2-element lists .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  use this for comparing token keyword arguments to find the users translations in a template .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts a string to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  wrapper to generate a rabbitmq queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository under a user .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  transforms filename for a given episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  display a main loop from the user .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the path to the users authorization .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the v1 db for this will be the high prepare from the png tables .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the square root of a each image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset the audio audio greeting .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as page_perms .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject custom tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure a bundle is not set and no bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite overwrite the function c{f} from a specified function and returns the values .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update a list of files to add a list of known packages to the htpasswd repository .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether a user has the caller function .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules of the mimetype instance .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the code is a ieee branch that exists in the system .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas and create create a list of quotas for a given image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets the gpu .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  check filter_words .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups were changed on the principal group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the total mb of the attributes of the given attribute .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return the host size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> order function returned when tree in a list with *node* nodes in a tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns the proper unicode name from the given model or unicode .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create a new textual filters .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple ease function for the clebsch text .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a finite random variable with the desired name .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  pack the images into a list of statistic .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  get the container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  return the effects of the value in the list for the key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a phone number from a phonenumber for the gs_handle .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses the profile to maintain a profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  splits a sequence of integers in a string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  reads a tree not a node .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  rq risch differential equation function .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  find the submit name for a given prefix and return the unique contents of the system .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict force_str to forward sub-expressions using a forward operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the traffic server .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon instance for the given addon and version .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the windows feature to the openid page .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  extracts a result from the given doc and returns the http result as a wsgi request .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return the without the .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  construct the template with callable as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  return the search index for a given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  creates all constant_expression .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort a mapping of indices in the cluster that is divisible by the given size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks if a ufunc can be created for a particular ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  download and set the files for api .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test for edf file .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a list of project names for the vms .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  check if the indices in the next two dates .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get eip failure describe invalid dhcp_option_id .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does upgrade raise an exception .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections from the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check the source sizes for each nic .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if a process is in the list .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  shares an existing viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add the server from the main runner to an application .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a separate key from a map of integers .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the group that are located in the strong .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  some data were written .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generates a scale graph for a graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the exported text for the xml file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  checks if a file is hidden .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of tags and a list of bookmark .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a factory function that throws a tree of node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the given payload .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  helper function to get validation object from an interface and add it in the schema .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate an api token for a given user .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the custom resource is not a custom class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media list of media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  ops the given directory using the worklist .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a client object for the cloud job ids .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get all the loops from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize a string and end at the end of the string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we are able to send traffic on a container .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide a list of all namespaces from the input namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  generate a progress bulk request for a course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint along the specified axis .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns the given file or integer as a string .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show the details of a package .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the module to the existing directory .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  runs a valid python module in nominated namespace note that the specified module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a mpl message in the user .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  check the virtual environment .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return a list of all available images in the given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  add the value that are satisfied by the app .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  regression test for url .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given statement is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file to the page .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  return a manual .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  add to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if file does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the right list for the provided survey .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns a generator object for the specified index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return the list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into maxwidth using maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab the name of this script .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the complete rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  create a mesh of a graph .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return integer >= >= 32-bit and b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  order lists of '0123456789 .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  build a form displaying all the questions for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a text to an integer .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute url for local video .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the set of vnc ports that are vnc to find the individual ports ports with / port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  raises an exception if the given error isnt not already exist .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the stack and path of a stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  reset a handler for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  construct an ascii record for a record in the db .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request for all certificates in the task with the given course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  namespace_scope : integer | identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  apply specified use the list of overwrites to a value of a variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an rgb image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete confirmation .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a vector to eeg .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture a responder response .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read and return a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  returns the config directory of the sample configuration files .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  get a list of valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  find the first element in the iterable that are not in the given iterable .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean aggregation .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random string of the given length .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using cpu process .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test thousand separator .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get a qurl based on a qurl url .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert a log name into a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value rounded by the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set the mapped viewer on the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  get the access flags and the version .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the gluster command to run a gluster .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  like pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the percentage of known between vectors in an image .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if any files arent found .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  helper to send an email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix unix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run a test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the fraction of the observed function .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for the interface .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test fit a regression with fixed constraints .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  returns the allowed formats for the entries of a particular formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if an field is an errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a new dictionary with keys and values swapped .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  a helper function for testing .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  use the users email for a user when a public meeting is changed .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the value of the fuzz .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync_num .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  ensure that the clip contains a clip clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  returns true if all the white devices seems to see if all the file is all the directory are all white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  request to generate students in specified course .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  if holiday falls on next weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a set of random numbers .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks for computations that the pdf of a each validator has been gathered or an existing one .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily suppress the message .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  find username by username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a about notification instance for an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  execute a prlsrvctl command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  get a dictionary of all the metasources e .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a reasonable instance of a python type .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a specific package and monitor it .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  entry point for ipython an ipython .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a git file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  return a own instance for the current instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell of force force precomputed .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until the system has expired or not .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  custom method to validate the execution of an echo instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if an environment was installed via macports command brew by the prefix of an environment variables .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  return the booting for a container .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns true if the given node is a super of the given node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline if enabled the build step for a build .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the cr version number from a docker proto specification .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the messages to server-side .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  require an nginx version .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version as a string cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake updates to the logistic library .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder postorder nodes in a depth-first-search .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  converts a match string into a gpg_keydir .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  square root / ) elementwise .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for 3x3 about a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic stochastic movement index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branch setting for the specified branch .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  returns value of a json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  perform the mostfunc you call to all functions of lhs marshalling .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes tidy style string and produces an ascii document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  tries to determine whether a process with process with the given process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a square .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance of a storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get from bootstrap logger .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  executes a function call to a substitute args .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a file if it doesnt exist .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  create a sorted query string from a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the filename matches the given template filename .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an object to the user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  register a new instance of the decorated function .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  will set modified on the local machine .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get snmp ips and snmp target .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  initializes stanza using calling plugin dictionary .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  return a tuple of for all pep8 files in the given reports .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file using filename or directory if a given path does not already exist .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a tuple to a tuple of integers .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string identifying the python version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  get a out of data .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a single divide or a tuple of desired length to the nearest flags .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit python list .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to the socket server and return the socket object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  helper function that is a no-op .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  list event instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the current stack .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator that adds a test to a given server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for each slice in the re-usable .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : lparen definition rparen .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get path which can be used to track loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a human readable form .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  return the prefix for the directory relative path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  return a k[x] polynomial of f in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check that precision is valid and throws a precision .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the server info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns the ndarray and applied to the given matrices .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns a symmetric string with elements in left-ordered-form and y .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a technical response handler for technical .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given object is not executed .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type for migrating cgsnapshots .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email based on djangos confirmation link .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  this is the function to add an unused template tag when considered an option .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns a set of values in the input collection .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  makes proxy call proxy settings and bypass the environment variables required for the environment variables that should not be used in the environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given path .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  loads a file from a must_have_addon directory by looking at the given filesystem .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a bson positions to a specified instance .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  loads a configuration file for given directory .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  test if the module is ignored based on the configuration .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over all data from a http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return true if the specified activity exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  normalize the username for the specified user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns a pyobject for the given base name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment of the measurements .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extracts all files from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  returns true if the object is a dict-like object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a helper function to check if a course is not in the url .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get all values of key .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test tuples .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  quote the value .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the cache of the cache logs .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all other themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns a list of directories to a unix file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  format an amount of postfix/cleanup instances to be tested .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  adds the credentials that should be valid for a particular dict of the given credentials .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat of a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return the list of all available package owners that are running inside the system .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status and return a friendly restart .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get the clsid name for the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  load a standard encoded stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : file_input newline | list .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the suggesion warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  given a url return the host for the given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate random blob-ish file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a package and not already installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array from the arg .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies that the supplied cypher matches the specified key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized admin for the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a -tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close a child file descriptor in child .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a function using param .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator to wrap a function to once it is a once after each execution .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a left-justified tree representation to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean series/array if we have a valid regex and regex in the string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  generate sjson as already exists in sjson .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the markup filter for the current thread .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load the compiler config .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the given file path .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for future functions .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the requested folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the routes of the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that a new sample parser is properly in the layer .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  returns true if a user is contributor by a contributor filter .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a list of the currently selected node .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  iterates over the benchmarks tree and populate them in the console tree .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the actual facet for a given facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns the html of the section to be used in mb .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the default class object for the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for checks the decorated function using the provided decorator .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  waits for the lock to be yet .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a most recently post and applies a function of the current serviceinstance for each string .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  if the watch statement is not available then it will be invoked with the given name .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test for #1145 .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  parses a neighbor using a neighbor or set of connectivity .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a filename into an iterable .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize the last line .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  delete the minion key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies of a sound using the lower sensor .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  get ports and port ports grouped in a chassis .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password against the password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns the list of all supported on the system represented by the system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get the copy of an object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  traverse a generator for the client .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown or xml character references from a text string .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  expand the first observation in a tree that contains the given node .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  converts two paths for the next occurred to display .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for a black-box image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test uninstalling a package which defines the same mode .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  writes a file using encoding and encoding .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the transductive routine from the scipy and that it is equivalent before the versions of fastbasic .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  test that needs to output a hug api image can be used as intended for the output .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate all uniform order statistic in a uniform order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds a new mapping .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate all arrays in an axis .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode a unicode value .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of receivers from the given sender and signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a decorator used to processor the given content decorator .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify confusion matrix into a list of confusion .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the indentation level .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  stop all the specified service :return: a dict containing information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  returns the ontonotes .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  the cross-entropy params is always always returning all child entries .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  extracts the named data from the currently associated with the requested datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting of matplotlib plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the input along with the given http/x .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  runs the top level command .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find unique classes .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads the data to a multiple of block_size bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  return the progress string tag for two lines .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the file notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand a list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an keras tensor variable filled with random values .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  an ssl url for the given service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate rst to plot all example files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to the directory .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage usage for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create a port group for the switch host manager .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with given mode and a file path .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  create the standard deviation at the standard deviation of the function .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return detailed information for info about the installed packages .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add the list of members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the decorated function for use with the custom distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  find an element with the canonical text to the element of the current tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return an object holding the istree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  get spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether sampling is less than the sampling of the elementnode .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie osx .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to decode a command and send it to an output .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  generates the given number of characters of indentation .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given tenant to tenant flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a list of zpool objects of the named zpool cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  current release to the end of the document .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  convenience function to allow access to the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  delete an attribute from the instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  edit source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version number for the pyzmq of the currently installed .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  try to unserialize a specified content of the current config in a specified .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  display the amount of elliptic in a callable .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a fixed .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a chain_pem version of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if it is involves .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  read an image from file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get an initialized configuration value .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  this function sanity check aborts .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into a method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a python2 python2 with the given shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the dot product of text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a sequences into a string that is suitable for relative utility .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all spaces and newline characters .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  gets the size of a field specified by the given size .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send the request to vars .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  create a point in a pyramid column .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to set the cache size for the decorated function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of location .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary of dictionaries into a single dict of dicts .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if user exists return if a new user was created or if the user was newly assigned to the user for the tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a message .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt api cli example: .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast an object to the json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list principal principal policies .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns the nonstaff update for libcloud users .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get a guess with the keywords for a given set of keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  mmwrite test for certain column in a certain field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the c extension installed? .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a filename is a regex in rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the pip version of the named command cli example: .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic interface .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  create a new decorator for a type of arguments .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  a change of the ability to the destination dir .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv via csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  checks if the firewall is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install an nginx application .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information useful dictionary list of all available images .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  find the given cluster id for the given cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  slices a single constructor of s using a variable whose value is an slicing slicing .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  generate a generic take .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes trailing whitespace from the string text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  generic validator function for validator that should be used as boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the samestat device of a pathname of a test .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and initialise a db db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the vms gateway for the configured ssh .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a figure to a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a batch of redis objects for the given connection object .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  creates a sax from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the cache to use the tex root as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for guided impact assessments .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  perform a copy of left files .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for installation with relative to the _ .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  construct an accessdenied structure containing the secret key and binary secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  helper method to base64 .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules loaded on the minion .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the export file behaves properly on .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for setting errors which receive a function .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validate privileges to ensure privileges are supported .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  add variables to variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  just removes the browser web server .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid matrix where each dataset is selected .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for a process and all of its dependencies .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a now list to a string .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date format .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check whether we can keep a repo tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  tests whether original is complete with a buffer of shape .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the html page of the jobs page .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the git checkout opts any additional options to add to the command line user : none run
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the set of aliases aliases this alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test calc_footprint function for bug functions in bootstrap .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function to detect the given header string .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert an integer to an integer merge the method type(s) .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the histogram of an image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  split the alignment alignment alignment alignment -> 1 .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test if an argument is a url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the dlls directory from the directory and all .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  prints a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function and run a wsgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the start= class .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get the response object from an http response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  message to cloud message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the vertical for the dataset into a string .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test download a home assistant function .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back reference to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  this function returns a user .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update <from-minor> needed to plot .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the current screen attempts to log in the context .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the directory where a given directory is the display marker file name for the display .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is a directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the hash value from the given thread-local instance .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  get the current audio output device identifier .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  list the ip addresses of a remote host cli example: .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import of task .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  decorator that closes a function .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return an entry at start the beginning of entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a signed integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable/disable site against a site by csp eval response .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the login server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark function of the subtitle set of dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode string and crops are turned into a unicode .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the blog template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars in correctness are discrete .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a parameter .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  returns a casts .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks to see if the given category is not available .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass in a path components from a source file to a file system .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for mne io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that wraps a function to prevent multiple values from a method call constructor .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create a wireless exception class .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test base? validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get an entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  encode object missing by a string in sales encoding .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the exponential function at the specified in x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert exact removal in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same length header for valid dna header and returns errors in mapping of lists for suppress checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator for all possible tuples in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view for setting user confirmation page .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time string to a given unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config zones of provided zones .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the directory where admins is stale .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a dummy text file path .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  generate alphabetical order of code identifiers .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  example ratio page .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  input: the full upgrade upgrade days of an upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  check two layer versions and state of layer icons .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  removes the specified urls .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  helper function to slaveof a function off master to slaveof its current ip .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters to the url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  set the inset axis .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  will wait for a given node to become it in seconds .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the message in ansi escape .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  object given an object for a project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number matched by the matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a dict with the files that contains the given metadata data and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  conditional formatting rule based on an optional font code .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the character can connect to the source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  checks if promo is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the display .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list the states available in the vcenter .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  returns a list of current installed packages cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  mark a task as complete for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  wrapper around guid_string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the list of supported files .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a candidate .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  exception handler enabling post-mortem debugging .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  helper function to format the pipeline to format a changed .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  returns tuple of events .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract a background tag from the list of steps .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the oauth pair of a pair .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  generate a slugify with slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return a single document for the provided document or from the database .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy fact if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to respond to a space-separated search entities and returns a list of tuples of tuples of entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the multicolumn column can not use the values passed to the multicolumn .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return disk format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return the path of the job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for notify function to handle methods from the method .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user password cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa table info for writing file .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a url that can be used to delete a resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a unicode server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  context manager for shortest the counting .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of auth type that contain a single factory .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  generate a private key for the given key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a rpycs object that can be used for a "compute" .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a query and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  regression test for issue #1256 .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  assign or update unit flag to translation .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates a new response with an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the given project name .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : id .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  convert a relative url to a string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the volume info .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test method that shows the correct set of parameters into ctypes .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a child process .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of availability ids from the given region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] for prs .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to return the pip python script args .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns the version of agnostic .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of a attachment object .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  wraps a callback to define a naive context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state of an array .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the use of autorization .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header in the given header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the connection to update config configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  create a string representation of a python expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  run commands .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse and reads the input stream that encapsulates a file .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  replace single quotes .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized unnormalized that the given probability for each lots of the normal distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe for a boolean .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  execute the action action .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an average group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous true regions of the boolean array "condition" .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and create an array of msg osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find the source files which are incompatible for a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  return the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions of ver1 instances and return a 2-tuple of versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  normalize an array of dummy variables by column-ordered along the specified axis .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  return the tail of the first element that is last subsets of a timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  split a string into an acovf bytes and a tuple of ranges: .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the given number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase for data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  recursively convert x to python which correspond to python value .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  reads a python object from a data file object .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  adds a unique id to be unique .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a new flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  returns the pytest pytest label .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  configures an explicit audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing a requirements in a setup .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a string path to unicode .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  project embed to a given project and a list of available versions .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid encoding .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  returns a list of absolute path of the directory: sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  get returns tuple of rate rate of serial rate .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns the fgraph of a given graph that maps to a *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the given text representation of a unicode string .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calculates the standard deviation along the specified axis of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  generate the trust certificates in the trust key .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function node is in the layer .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces in a namespace .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  create log record for functions that creates opt and log them to create a syslog log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file path for the current operating system .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the path to the process .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  remove all attributes from the input values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  shortcut for simple command-line arguments to use when creating argparse .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a list of regionalize addresses from a given language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get an sqlite3 connection from the postgres server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a content type based on a temporary request .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  turn on logging and netmiko for the main loop .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent of a parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is a projection level .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  associate the vm with the task with the vm name .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write the path to sha-256 binary data .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  from timeseries to all of the series moments in the series of nodes .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return the full host name for upgrade and put the system .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical angle from the angle of a positive direction .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dictionary of title matching title in title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  return the file from the filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return an object representing the major and verbose_name_plural .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file from a given file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output dictionary by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a sample of sample targets .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  determine if the volume is supported by the settings .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and import them in a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  return a list of all titles with the same rows and the resources .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read and return the text .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert the package to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to check if the function in the given argument .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read the ipv6 address of a human readable form .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create an image object from a png .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a simple conv convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if f is an symbol and return true if f is not a string .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag unflag page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plugin introduces a game where users get points for improving the builds .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename based on the memmap python function rendering .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set refs for displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  return size of two lists with only slice objects .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a list of string of the occurrences of the string in each string of the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image by a filter .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up a simple stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  draw a cluster for setting the given tex .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test pip show a space function .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  split a names by name into a list of component .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determine authentication auth object and setup in requests .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple internalerror of dictionary .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by the path .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply the filters and filtering for the specified date .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download a extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  expected improvement of samples over threshold .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials from a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  send an error message to test the specified filename .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test info-showing .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace and access the given configuration .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract homematic distance in step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line tags: .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of datasets .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  return the progress for the given raw .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  adds an entry to an thrown .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object select an object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  remove the file system on the partition <from-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  list policies .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the upload result .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns the integer part of an integer n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal numbers in a 2d array for a given row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  ill try my .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a directory beneath with the given path .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse a string of html references into a list of numbers .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates feeditems for the specified feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter all data from fval values using preserves fval .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk python files and tries to be start .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with known coefficients and columns of complex steps parameters coefs : array_like .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version tuple as tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  convert a coefficient to the colour image .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper method to traverse an xml document and return a list of result .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  create an authorized googleanalayticsclient object for a fixed-size .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  helper function to append to the default value of option .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  update email with your email address .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a data for the _expm_multiply_* mean of a given protocol from the mean .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator used to read the task output .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document tree without episode/photo .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  binds a random port on localhost and return true if available port is available port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out the user and displays you are logged out message .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length of a length file and offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of all available pids in the directory path .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi reference and return the new reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence of possible tuples of equal to the duplicate place .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object for a bokeh request token .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  take a list of dicts and connect to the service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  recursively convert an item in a list to a dictionary .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  pass me alignment for the system .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if a string is greater than or equal to the ascii version .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  filter parameters .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  make a link to a color .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  generating - dont use mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve the according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending future .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of code .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  create a new development session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string for case-insensitive special characters .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns only the last time which is not a valid pairwise .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command to use for automatic .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  convert the given text string to a valid url-safe .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is for the future test cases .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve retrieve according to the given parameters note: this function accepts multiple parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a list of nodes by a random upload .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an icosahedral file to activate all the permissions are close by the absolute version of the top-level directory .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  create login model object for each user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  add indented in the given data to the given list of space .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username of user .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string to a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  create a free space under the given name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  does the endpoint for the active endpoint .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  raise a message with the given text .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  adds given m to the parallel start of the function .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if user is admin / referenced from group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get current modelview clock setting from the current machine .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of available tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the gateway details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last line in the given crl .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  the relu .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source and set a source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a mr generated by lparams .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks value is of value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this function determines whether the user should be in the form: .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  attempt to safely delete a user .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the cdf of a sequence of bokeh numbers .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display the preface dialog .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  ensure that the given function is initialized by the test function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting release section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the profile from the file system .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport text .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus given text .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling the arguments of a function .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the temporary list of possible children .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  print a list of general file descriptors .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets query parameter for use in smtp/impa server .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check that all files have a given point reference .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  version of the directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  you get here for the widget widget before the ui ui .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try to ssl and return ssl socket .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a fake counter to the hadoop output .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the provided content of the array associated with the given content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of all the sites organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  in javascript mode will not cause a checker .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the config dir for the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack trace into a stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to a given package in the given package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the container from the container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  when a linear unit tests are inside a bunch of data .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a view that returns an httpresponse header for the response .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read an unsigned cache file and return it .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  check if the employee is holiday for an employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper function to get the dad output for a given layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the download url for the given platform .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  chunks an iterable into chunks of serial chunks .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns a dictionary used to supply an address for a given password .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the specified project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a json graph of data in jit json graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  display the login form .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the given cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  set the gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  get all tests in the file at input input .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  return a formatted date information about an instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer for a specific lexers .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  code a function or string according to the given function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a json object that can be complete to update the most cases in the database .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  utility function to output a test for creating python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  signals in stdout if you cant not using the filename .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  compute the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  returns a datetime object from a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set the stubs section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extracts the id from the given xml token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the connection object .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the system is allowed .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this (in huffman the group id to default group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  named user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the full database from the mysql server and try to get the users that likely been post full index_tuples database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and the text .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get all suggestions and writing of the user is .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to stop methods in a function .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively sort keys with the keys in two dicts .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the type of starting .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  convert counters from files counter to an amount format .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  adds an environment path to the environ environment key .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark option as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  wrapper for install_pandas of the absolute fitting for relative relative units .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  takes a namedtuple or string and returns free swap swap .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of long strings .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  return a timezone of a fixed offset string .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short format in the word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test operator expansion .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  a fake implementation of object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the maximum norm of the non-singleton norm after the truth angle of the interpreter layer .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator that marks the given method name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks volume types as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  returns true if path is an encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  makes flowgrams to end of file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a data structure with an identifier for a category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  return an image object from a file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  temporarily include a plugin of a collection of indices .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  non-updatable the safe serializion of sessions .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack the input string to bytes .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure that a method name is actually a string .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert a :class:version attached to an integer .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  gets the method call to functions .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message for response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  load a test run of pivot with specified ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  find directed graph for g in github .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a lettuce can pick up to a release with a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  returns the mpl num that based on the pci device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate the overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return boolean if it in host is in the network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative generative .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a further of the current model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of inactivity .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  get event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  installs the given requirement using the given requirement .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return wrapper for service .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be run in the context .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  set a module config .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function function for any container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  dump an xml tree to a string .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create a dictionary for attachments and return the given attachment .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  perform a unique binop .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between vectors and digraph .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the points that will use the points .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  set the scope of the current configuration kwargs cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert ansi text to an ansi escape sequences .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  escapes a list of roc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the data for the given data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an quantize .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  constant_expression : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt | minus float .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  ensure the compiler based on potentially examples: .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu image constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  call virt with prefix for each virt in self .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a specificed user object by its username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  process histogram data from single fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all spaces and whitespaces from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a matrix or unicode instance to a constant constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  the http buffer with the current request .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if the duration is **kwargs .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the certificate on the local node cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to a possible types .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  this gives an user configured with a remote server address .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  deep deep objects .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish a collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  alternative relu implementation .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  forces data revisions to enter all the current thread .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given string as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the given string is a code with the given indent .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce a traffic server on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic getattr() to get the alignment alignment with the given value .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns the vector as a list of values as a list .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read the packet @todo: "safe" an remote packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the grains from the ansible inventory_file default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user via the account cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a list of all games matching the given year .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get the rgb to the mne text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the value of a given context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  return a list of users that are installed for the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces element to the faces .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  try to find and yield a suite from a given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  returns true if the named service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the given certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create the logger logger for an logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each linter .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance for complex model .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  the normalize-space function in this string that can safely be used in javascript characters .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for pprint .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a tuple of all possible to strides .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the status to reach the status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  instantiate markdown data field from a given object .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate all the rows of the image according to the left .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address is a valid ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get a list of dicts .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys and values of lists with .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates an arma free status for each unique in the given response .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return the path relative to filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get all models for all models in the given app .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin plugins of the file .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of all articles in a given string .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  generate discovery file creation in a failure .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a record in a host .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  task used by cls .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  computes the musicbrainz musicbrainz id for a musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  change user interfaces and unify new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  returns the getmodulename path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  calls the log of an existing task .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a generator of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volume for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed checks input_fasta_fp: input fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_dir: tree array of sequences input_fasta_fp: input_fasta_fp: input mapping filepath input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath tree_subset: mapping types to
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  load a result file and output it with lots that we can keep the output and objects .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  function to format a time value .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the scenario that will be done by the widgets .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of an object .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculate the singular of a label matrix .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  enable a new trace function to add a trace to each method .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  adds a file if a container is present .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the logs and automatically handles the request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a wsgi url to be used in function that will be used to make a repository directory .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns a list of the smallest cds .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  return unicode name for string or unicode string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a randomish .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of disjoint sets for disjoint sets of disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test calling handler .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  removes byte string from the given function if were called .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a structuring element to the hop .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based systems with setquota binary .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all matching files and translations into a list of modules .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete a version and version version in the given project .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  indicate the alternate login class and applies a fake set of those to the login class .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  fix syntax of an ascii error .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete custom system app .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a list of all alarm alarm cli example: .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the elements of the last value is not met and the met versions are not met met .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  show all redis server .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  returns the given value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  base name of the personal and nonlinear .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests if a proxy is valid .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a greedy definition .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  print a range of preference .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create admin group permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the given method name is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the the the named marker returns {deleted: true} if policies was deleted .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all available plugins for the specified package from which the specified package is up to the top .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync a set of hosts that come from the database to perform sorting .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  good good offset between 3rd offset and utc .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope use the runscope build step .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a stream of the specified files .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row based on a scaled sum of squares .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the response for a given content .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a list of stats for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode serialization .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to temporarily disable an disabled request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns cleaned up to the distribution .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extracts the given name from an object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a path with only the points that are far enough path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush twisted in a intermittent .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for a particular option or search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  returns a function if a serial function has a serial value .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  the inverse of the current .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove non-print formatting from the string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a numpy dtype to a type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the item size for the given list of value .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  generator that generates all lines of text lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers using first letter letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  marks a function as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  the jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  checks tidy of file with an html runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  for the given star .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  return the greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate the histogram for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get module information from module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the number of } in each row in sparse order .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read a page from a file object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract an inventory from the given data body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  use theano variables to use in a device .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but for inserting .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test freeze without pip .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off the current revision in the current process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  return a cuts for a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if x and only shared values are not shared .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques cliques in the given list of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  ensure the internal helper is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the list of server id for a given identity .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file filename for the given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the currently active policy policy string .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two statuses .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a mocked .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a string with the whitespace and non unsafe path .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources from a remote resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  checking for all students in a user .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get the current registered vmware environment from the user .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  find global variables coming from eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  get a nested members of a group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new remotestatepersister .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the equivalent of an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the subtitle constraints function for the specified reference .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  computes the cell@item logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set le script to *value* .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize iteration to scale .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  pack the type for a specific split_libraries .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  typeerror a requests request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the seems to be used in the gjr options .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test cloning a model while things .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for cylindrical mode .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a list of all available backup .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  return true if the named container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  returns true if path was a name/value tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a handy .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test the profiles module if it is initialized .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the geometric page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in the frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime object d into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of some dedicated version english .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a function that parses a function and returns its reference .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  waits for a container to be available .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a previous document for the targets that has been updated with a post .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the value into a string as a file .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a 3d squares fit for a table .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  for retrieving the subsequent formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  converts the given html to an html file .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet of each https for the template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and reads a binary file .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  cache a series of series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for a sparse pair of points .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  flush the dscl cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the template with the given template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that modifies the post form param .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step to ensure a step definition is a step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  inject a class decorator .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string to a query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  return true if the request is the same as the current request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize markdown characters to use in the given xml .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to 1 in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart a restarts .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  helper function for generating all the xml attributes from an xml xml .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return size for current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor object for ninja modules .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  docstring that bank docstring .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  calculate the access settings for the service .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  tells the given stream of a file .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  builds a string of bytes .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  set the average version of a dependencygrammar .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable/disable site enabled in systemd site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  wrapper to wait for bin/* output .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  given a stc object .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all files under directory tree .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the ironic client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for the function into a specific language call .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  list the directories that belong to a package .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a string representation of a given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if not in the system .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  generate and parse the links from every container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract ipv4 addresses from a link-local .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  allocate a new http model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  process the output of a given files .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string representation of the value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  folder for all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert full array to a reduced array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the inclination range from the start and the end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check the current python version of syncing installed .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  the log of the probability parameter for cudnn .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : lparen lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  warn about a description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  get question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed to handle a marathon .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  object for tixdirlist .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  check if the given member is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get front lists and add loops lists and add the x intersection loops and ylist .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  checks if the file at fname is less than one of the files in .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates the google ip for use .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs product of the rgs equal to the rank .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a string .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  tests that the moon and see which are consistent w .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  negotiate a value from the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  sort versions of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  determine if the server is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for the block with the specified page .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the files in the correct dir .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add attachment_specs for missing assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run a command in a file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return an rgb color with the segment that asserts that the exception_class color must be an augmented color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns approx with the point passed in a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  test whether the given string is a json/ajax redirection .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  reads a new sms file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when the given time of the given storage .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the labels is a valid domain label int .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is an executable .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  ensure that prefix is not a prefix .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for procedures .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a dict with an item metadata and the class values of objects of a given object .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  validates that value is a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see if the cassandra is in the server .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  print a friendly script .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the image to a function .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  perform a base and a sorted list of sorted localhost .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the repository to flocker for a repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the absolute path to a package name .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file is a file .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  display a hook which will be used for a filename .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the number of group that the process is running .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create content of file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  skip a test if a panel is true .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return the .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get the list of journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns the directory for the process .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the unicode string with the given charset url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create the temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  show the ids of job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to create a timer object .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the most appropriate error message about a local one .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  used in a list of random tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager used by the secrets service .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  test types that can be used to test the add-on decorator .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a query on the master .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  extracts the most likely roads roads roads the roads buffer .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  takes a string and returns a tuple with the result .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to not start at boot .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  try to find python packages and setup directories .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print the distributions of all distribution .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clear all available uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load all sample images from the given directory .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether date formats for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  simple binary crossentropy .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  renders the agent configs for deprecated functions .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  returns the url for a static request that is not a local one .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  relative strength implementation .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number of phone calling a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  remove any characters from the input binary image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set movie play mp .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  expands the given expression to the closest part of the expressions .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  computes sturm sequence of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the data from the given xml tree .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event to the list of megacycles using the provided name .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure canvas for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration context in the given site key .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  security headers for all http security http headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  add a new service group cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily change an html with a jinja job .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  modify the wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the exit message .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a list of known response data for a microsite .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test the issue link to ensure we have toggle .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the given ip address to an ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  get list of changed filenames for each host in the ui .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively resolve obj and dicts .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  returns a pep with the same arguments as the underlying domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if a backend is present and doesnt do not use the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  call a directory using site configuration files .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata registrations registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand all indices in a dataset .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  verify the control file for a given server .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the path for operating system .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  safe version of pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one instance of the nth matrix .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get bevel point of the bottom .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal an expression with an expression or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build an estimated dictionary for a dict .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  wrap a method instance back to the instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  create a basic process .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  look up a class instance from either an instance of a class or a string and returns the appropriate class name .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert a source file using sips .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  look for the specified reply .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dump an errors error .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  wait for the given category to be invoke summary .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index of the sum of the given operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  validate the xmodule data that are not in the xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  if sufficient is available on a system .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy the cache result to the object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string text with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 parameters for inception .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a list of constraints where the tensors is a scalar .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert a plaintext cdao string to a list of the names .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of values in given values .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  wrapper around vims .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch a unix timestamp .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to force season if we need to force a redis or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any of the dictionary .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  encode a single extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system user .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure the entire directory path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  test feature without finds and builds finds if a subdirectory .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  from stackoverflow on 2013-10-04: url .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random blob-ish samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this function returns a bug that is not using the current session .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor object by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  the session password for the current desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  internal utility function: none to validate the document with bokeh documents .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  enhance info about paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a decorator that maps matcher factories to the passed function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of a string in an operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  builds a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the value of a explicitly if the python encoding cannot be one .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine whether we are running on an amazon web services .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add to the path dictionary .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a matrix row-wise .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  remove a users file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file can be read from to by the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set a log request to the desired headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write to text file assuming encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab a group .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and returns the content .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the tab for use in the tab argument .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has been activated .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  the extension manager .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  shows the session of the current user .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  parse a string with yyyymmdd separated by the median .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  create a custom decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a policy name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the ordering of the the the the page import .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute multi-dimensional structure with gaussian constant value .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the latest users with an optional submission ordering to the given submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a small message to the log file and returns it .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  set up & run a simple enumerations job id for an operation .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate on the development certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if regression test for objects in package & commas .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves a session to file system and saves the list to the example file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a review request for a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage in bytes as a namedtuple .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the post basic phrases for serializers .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  used to cprint .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  returns a friendly http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  checks if import of a mock process is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  basic the root etree element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we dont include an exception .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an html file from the javascript machine .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set the labels on a node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take a network device and build a dictionary of variables defined by the network .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by attribute .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape & .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  launch pending commands .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel of an image .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  internal helper function that returns the raw contents of contents .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  display the low-level data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  the character response is returned by openstack .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper to execute the main connection .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a package with pattern or a .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a matrix b: a theano vector b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of the matrix b: and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  calculate the *l2* spline for simultaneous test .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost value for a given value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test custom inverse bug .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a scalar .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for a ends with the previous module .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a partial tool shed url from the tool shed .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  user factory .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions of a package .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns a checkpoint label string for the given experiment checkpoint directory checkpointdir: relative or absolute model checkpoint directory path .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for adding a view to a decorator that applies a middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  the closest sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  execute a special fits file in a fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a single input tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test that astropys ecliptic systems with a 3d number of data .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authorize and returns a user .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the cumulative product of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds a param .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  for numbers 1-9 .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  construct a declarative base class for declarative types .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get a list of all course milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  wrapper around asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string of the date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  indent text with a certain line of a string .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  measures a query within sequences .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  home - list of available updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login if page is .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get the current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  get the current user uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to release .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  execute input with arguments and execute commands .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function to a byte string .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  create a default secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates checksum checksum of a possibly ascii string .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to ensure that given path is raised .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  generate an image to be able to an event unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable self-generated enhanced stream with stream .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  assume that if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the detailed security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the day of the represent the main axes .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return certain integer of a set of fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the directory of the current work and create the currently modified files .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new module of the function .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all files which are not empty .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  update a notification about a node .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  deprecated: this function is called outside unix server .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  a version of re .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern matches the given string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get the specific tag for a user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins and get the result of pillar .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate a message from a string of binary page .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  signal receiver for updating the current session .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle click of oldest .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore should be in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  fetches the list of tuples of a given key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function adds multiple knv to the list of emails that do not yet be verified in the original segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification listener from a batch of parameters targets : writeme returns writeme .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a context appropriate for loading differences .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  use this function to return value that a host attribute in the resulting string .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence of pairs .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test for binary pdf output: coordinates .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  gets a function and applies the result to a remote function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with nulls removed .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the list of supported attributes for the given object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  display the quotechar of the kankun command .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  retrieve the form string for a fallback type .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return context manager which will be used to execute extra information .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  determine arguments for cli users arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  image to a list of image descriptions .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper function that returns a dictionary of fields from the autoconfig client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects and returns the path and folder on the master .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the class type for a class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove a network from network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a string .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the scripts .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the class of the desired type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  creates the local namespace for a key .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  test adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of edges that are in the given partition of the partition of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify the com shouldnt be prefixed by an arbitrary object .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges translations into a sequence of streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  remove all the clusters and print the current job id .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  check that the parameter is valid and can be a new user .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the intermediate source to a zipline array .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should download and not install a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  load a list of files from the given directory that consist the last modified files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a nginx .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  adds prefixes to the key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the due date in a due date .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs and batches batches of a given dataset .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the ribes from the paper: algorithm .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity for saving .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate of a certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start the rabbitmq application cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to see whether the list of sets of sets of sets of sets the and kicks are the same .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a complete image by id or exit .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  decorate methods with a handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a set of data .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path for an atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wraps <pre> tags around some string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of files in a directory .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads using the aggregatestatresult .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  differential risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  adds a path to cloud-init or returns the first path .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  clean up the url from an url or found in the provided url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  parse a filename string into a pdf page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the platform token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get a version of the named package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion and the suggestion decorator .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  save the given model to the database .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  gets domain information about the hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the capabilities api response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validates that the version is a valid version of the given version string .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  approximate product of a common array of bad numbers in a list of arrays .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test spm of spm data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the testsuite sdk in the default sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the benchmarkfuncs and heres a given class .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  construct a sparse matrix of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get a list of all hosts and their addresses .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  of the first function of the given file .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  return facts which begin with not install and status .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  calculates a number of bits required to hold the desired number of digits .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian request from a request .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a logical volume in a snapshot snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  create a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is false .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  adds we store a sparse tensor when we cant add a sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test applying two header chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  unsqueezing operation: reshape to slices .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that a regression removes the mapping sense from the bans .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a weighted spanning spanning spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph g .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class warnings .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using exact and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add triangle given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the index of the entire tensor .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  detect the specified function by nexus and name .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the utf-8 of the output .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor records of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  doji star .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a set of mappings to a function-call file .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  return the appropriate html files .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return a json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  list the backing file reference in a dataframe .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the oh group of order groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return the index of all the embedded defaults .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill processes and force a namespace to the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  if necessary .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the life to the current keyboard table .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  helper function to create a new client version .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n items in a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  the answer function h .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  returns all possible terms for a search term in terms .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  given a [lat and a postponed harmonic oscillator .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  lists all known user .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert python 2 .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  checks if path is in the given request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the ansible version-specific is only meant to be used in the modules .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of the provided list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the most appropriate state of a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  pass in a dictionary of bookmark labs .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  convert apps_count_installed to 1 element sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  returns a boolean from a string .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a regression decorator for tests of a class with a given class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  a sample function that applies hi -- the values of the input list .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the id of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup setup for a module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a versioned receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  return the hash of the given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples from file to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  decorator used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  restful crud controller - needed for imports .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dict-like instance factory .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  retrieve information on a specific selinux file .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare two statuses and return the media type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig ips to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the show server table cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple users from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  reads a requests response from the passed in things .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read a file as a string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  adds a user using urllib2 .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file from json directory .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  convert the given string to a filesystem safe filename .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  returns the reparse source file with the provided data .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  use the function so that single argument will be hooked in the function .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns string or unicode representation of unicode strings .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a list of sentences that are not none .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a template for the filters .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ - published in the unit socket file defining a socket .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename seems to be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  renderscene helper to start the opengl helper to draw gl .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  helper function to do the response object with the given status code .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns a tuple for a built-in value .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab problem in a helper method .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from the binary subdir .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for the given function that returns a pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the log-det of a given list of divisors .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  try to swap two inputs of inputs d1 .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  always return true if the object is float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove all ansi ansi color references .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  return true if the graph is a valid biconnected components .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a python path in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over the requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  list metadata and comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the alphabet passed is compatible with the given protein alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a generator of objects for a given repo .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  include all volumes matching the cluster with the specified clean .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all error codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices that matches a list of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure value is a valid ascii string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  retrieves the users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  function to find the pci requests based on the given flavor .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  return a configured opened servers .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a raw 5 to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  finds a dict of kwargs of the provided kwargs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  preprocess dns .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  tries to determine the first cv of n .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  true if the host is a bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize the microseconds markup via trimming .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the sqlite blob so that it can be compared to by the blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a contract that fly to the contract create warnings .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the first qualified response body from the response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output with commands for debugging .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a dummy view that is remote to get here .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch a specific s3 image .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return none if x is none .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  returns a reserve_value instance that runs the directory .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  tests that the in-db limit are properly saved when creating threading .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted function by name and module function .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  view which sends a simple stubs over smtp .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns unique key names .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a real matrix to the nearest iraf matrix .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test that passing a positive int .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute reconstruction in predicted using the remainder polynomial algorithm .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a moderator .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  unlinks the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a bunch of communities that can be used with the given degree .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  given a python 2 .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for instances .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset index in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns default contact_type for integration with specified key .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  things that only returns dummy validation and properly that are not found in the correct equivalents .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  mock mock dummy variables from ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  view for notifying html or sends an email on users .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove any file that was loaded by the test data .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  get the boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the xml element into a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  return a dataset class for a test cases .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the number of layers of a penalty to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a default variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the tls ports .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http request .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive digest for savedir .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the computes or compiled value of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab of data .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  used by the servicetester in the qutebrowser table to evaluate a that of the input preference .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment forms .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  adds the operations and returns a new job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  fetches the datastore and time them from the given model and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse and return certbot params .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  finds func in the expression tree of e .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a soap page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  if the function computes the correctness of a model and sum the variables that dont actually be updated at the same function .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  converts noneif variables into root environment variables .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  decorator to binom dtypes: dtypes: if *n* is a binned one .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper to fit a newly advancement stuff .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if a bug name is reserved with respect to be a reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating that the attachment version is deprecated .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  multivariate normal filter to the nearest power of a sample function .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test installing a package with a failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls serially and yield yield output .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode data into one .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the first item in the joined order .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  the stable matrix for computing the values n x .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate gaussian sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  render data from a buffer or the data source file .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is a helper function that converts the results in any input .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all pending alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable self-generated enhanced stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic dict .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set the value of a given instance using a cosecant so that its not none .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  generic function that checks if a given value is installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  generate indices to indices in the output of a set of indices .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node where [base or not term .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  return an event object suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the interaction from the zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a storage instance of a illegal illegal configuration that will be committed and a repository .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  uninstall a package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches the next exploration ids and stores them in a given collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set document to which acts is a physical server .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to a track object .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing function .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  the mandatory list .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  find the top test namespace in a subdirectory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  process a test data and write the data to a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  return a formatted document for the given document and version .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  inject if a given view should inject to the given view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a unit for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to the interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a string for printing the number of gpus .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  perform the logging handler for the given logging and log the buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  relative condition number of the matrix for the matrix of the matrix exponential in the frobenius .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the given string to an opcode object .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  generate the hash .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the key for each condition and kwargs functions stored in all functions when using a given condition args: args : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value is a list of dicts will
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert a audio audio querystring into a standard object .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate pem dictionary of signature .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  disables aslr via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return the absolute value of a python file in the entire text/encoding .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return filesystem to get information about preserving preserving .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if the file system is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option equal to dhcp via dhcp .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier method .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a test for parse()ing the given scipy .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  update a datasets client .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa template and returns the capa .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences defined by recurrence see usage examples e .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service instances for the specified devices .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  adds a search to a temporary file using the kth version .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  return an identity key for a row and a row .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  create a sqlite .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  multiply gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a block of object to a specified number of object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates for for for an event audit audit audit usage exists .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return the gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  context manager to easily output .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info for a template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  read projects file and return the filesystem path .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert an event to the google box .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get current cibpath .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  calculates a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a valid stream of the currently valid hypervisor relative to the text .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  return an elastic provisioner .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks whether a file or a file exists .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns dateoffset or odd parit for syndrome .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an elb resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message from a user .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds pool on a post health .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default state object to change the default state .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource model .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of loop from loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  resizes and image of the modified files .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread in a thread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be edited .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception for the given exception and return it .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  helper to read a temporary file and return a dict of source files .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the level level of the request level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a module name and a string foo .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  parameter parameter using a network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  returns either a collectd set of data set or a specific action and y .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the windows handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a function .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  linear regression rotates = linear regression test .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object to a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts a set of mappings .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  use / as path separator .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  decorate a function or method as an replication method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  asserts the specified server on the expected port .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  applying applying to size 1 .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the python job and set a jobs as a dict .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and returns a dictionary of python source code .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports the module for the specific import .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  return a list of full paths .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  note: the first redirects of the redirects .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  adds a panel for the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to a filesystem safe for readable serialization .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time value to timeval and nsecs .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given a list of files in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and less correctly are less than the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  equivalent of text .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  test if the node is an alias and set it as the node or a boolean .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the square root of a square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  doji star .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator raising skiptest if a task is classic .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a job job of the target info for the given addon .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table days and end table used for the last call .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check the installation data that owns a specific router .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path or none .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to a python sequence .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg file .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the float name represented by a contrast label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  aaq all the available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  check the given url is up up up to the given url .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert a value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for assertion to become the assertion timeouts to become the next for a given timeout .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function for load customs_shortcuts from ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json tree of a function .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  asserts that value is a valid categorical value for the categorical value .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator that retry the call if assertion attempt .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  train and exit query for asking usage .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the string text for the given text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given package .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  retrieve all enabled runas the list not enabled .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  remove the files from the excludes directory .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure the first element is a simplex .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted inputs into a single string .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return a list of tuples of all installed plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return square-free norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  activate the virtual code for a hg .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  returns the directory of this proxy .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks if a country is a leading zero zero code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset of a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  get a path to a github url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation currently chooses stable version of the package .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float in the loop for the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete raw filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the xmpp user .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test multi chart rendering with various rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper function to see if a list of dict is in the series .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how an event movie .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the color sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test automatic creation when a figure is instantiated .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  close a folder if it does not already exist .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the character with the first occurence of the value .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  asserts that the vertex segment of a list of vertex .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  check a message to ensure that the message is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  push an refs to the remote refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs a file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  sstr -> bool return the corresponding representation of expr .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  create a chops .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  used to sort an alloc unary unary unary documents .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a set of random identifiers for all non-zero images .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a numpy array of data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the test scenario for scenarios .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of dimensional numbers .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns the string color tuple of color or a color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery animations on the system .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  factory function for setting main breakpoint .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed packages that will be changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return all languages languages for given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  test match_template when pad_input=true .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return activation name of the global activation .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with a list of mapping objects .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  expect the crash time .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  when a container is enabled .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all the node subscriptions unless the user is an owner on .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object and returns a python object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns the maximum of a tensor along an axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  return the vlan and filesize of an adapter on the vlan .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections with sound .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  supports the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color random color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  return a aes for an integral package .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns load authentication for an existing document .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num to match the given gildings .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  given a compiler class .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolve a directory to an integer .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a -o output to stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  get a formatted gif object for a bokeh api .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  detects the base64 data from the dispatcher .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  return a unicode object .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns people or user from a user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return the lower bound for the given w .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform a base and a sorted list of sorted localhost .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  create a custom formstyle for the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test error handling that would work in an array of distances .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  returns true if any of the given code is found in code .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run commands using subprocess .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main function .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a html string and returns a cleaned version of the string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a series of pending pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  pass the source image to rois and apply to current image if any .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return a bool whether or not this node is a hypervisor .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  internet method used to install and return a systems .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  installs ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  reverse-geocode the mapbox server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  gets or create user by permission and creates a user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string of bytes to a number .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as an image with a color evoked .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this method determines if an alias is a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the scalar scalar scalar in dimension .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  separate a list of c + .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a list of open tags to a plain list of tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a frontend frontend matrix .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  create a delimiter system_metadata .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to a json formatted timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  enables previously generic dict to v2 subclasses of plugin .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a value of a document .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  in python 2 this is a compatibility function to easily compared .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return true if g is a independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns git items of a graph .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a cumulative distribution function .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> str generator .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the ids of the [1] that are in the given list .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that gpu fails in a simple short .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  creates a color with the given color and making it .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for authentication reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  takes a nifti http header string and returns an aware or an integer instance of the form yyyymmddhhmmss .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of available image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  adds a mime-type and response as an url .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a dataframe onto a normal random data field .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of available ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  log an exception .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns a list of display ids .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  average average loss for a running average decay decay .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  create event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  deprecated: select the first select tool .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  output the stored keys of a specific set of keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns the set of terminal .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  determine the module name using the python module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  try to resize a pb interface if not in aws images .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the date and stores it with the current context .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  check for filename with the same filename in the given filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check the current administrative mode .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal byte string representation of a given relationship .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on a masked array should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys and shouldnt be executed .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression | expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt encrypted_data with the given key and cipher .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  utf-8 encoding to utf-8 and str .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the unsafe executable names in the configuration file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests update and on-disk files are stored .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  find the absolute version of standard normal module with respect to the directory .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  the script can be either a script or not .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  totodiles female yellow sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set a volume group cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return the back-end id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  return a sparse matrix in a sparse matrix a sparse matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively convert any input to a dict whose keys are lists with the actual key and url-encodes will sort .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the window of an instance .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  ensure the xonsh module is cleaned up to the context .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test from interpretations see specifications .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  stacks the space2depth graph g with components inside the normal sensor .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper function to create a simple default variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in a compiler nullable order .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path for zipline zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read the z-file page and return a dictionary of info .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  removes irc characters from the string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a class .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  validate gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return information about all models in the model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when this post request has an signals .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  return the config' configuration object .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of all the values in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of last interval of a query .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a evil_member user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  jump non-prettified checks to the amount of inputs .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  tests that the creation link function is deleted .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a class for lltd using the given specific *attr .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add pillar from convex loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given address is a throttled server .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  ensures that the provided value is a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an c_sync and an entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the kernel ip addresses :returns: list of network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in the background thread .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compute mean and weights .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if the configuration has anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create an composite credentials from a service account .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  set the base class for the current thread .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url from the url if it exists .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the list to which are writable to be used as the brs database .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check that the file-upload argument list can be written as a single concatenated .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the volume is in the current context .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the given integer as a number of bytes .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output of a file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  return a temporary file name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports the module with the specified name and returns the module that import the file .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  handle merging of openid integrations .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the hmac-sha256 representation of a money code .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch the crypto backend .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  encrypts frequency data for a specific probability for a given element .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the footer footer is valid .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version string .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text from text with a pair of cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether the given word is any of the given word .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string of bytes or byte string to binary string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  object function that returns the result of a function .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of an object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  parse a command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  a wsgi application that applies a wsgi application to each input method .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options from the states dictionary to support .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update user after actionexecution .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes the previous loopback from the content of an image type .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  check if the given file is in the cluster .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate the description for an identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dictionary of tuples in a tag .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  retrieve the boot options from the user and body .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns an iterator over the iterator of all pairs of the deprecated: .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  returns the path to the parent directory or a master repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to give the configuration changes .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return memory usage allocated to serialize volume info .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns the count of last count that a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  all available bar widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set message(s) message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  clean up the assets dir for the project .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  converts a function into a standard python list of strings .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the connection to the specified rooms platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  no adding an item at all adding normal images .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input from an error is raised if the number of input .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  default list for brand default .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  injects floating points into underscore .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export data to page .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of module items for the given app_name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use with the images api .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  override the current config setting of config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the raspberry sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  generates the list of docs to be used in a time .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key to the console .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test if an actual tab is in the expected tab .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  runs the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  looks up the stats of the bucket and returns the directory of that file .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get a specific entity by id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  avro-json avro-json avro-json model applies to each component .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for valid openid protocol .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of the file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  convert a hybi-07 frame object to a python frame object .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  create a manage for post .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path to the directory where data is stored .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns a list of all registered xmodule classes .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the message storage on the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge 2 dicts by adding the values for those keys .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  test with the class name .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  initialize a low-level key-value by elementary .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all redis queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the support page for the users web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  issue #9 .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  return a list of columns with the columns in the given column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  construct a url that follows login/registration if the wiki library is not a valid url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms an otu log table by 4 log table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic with a bad axis .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  used to track if an alloc of expressions can be acted to track .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  create the cli wheel for pip installation tests .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project is to the current project .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about a named vm .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the description of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the wigner algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap user must log access to the login page .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the numeric equivalent to a fact .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  returns the comment modelform class .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree in the given directory .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  get a aws request from the aws config file .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the sysadmin specified .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  get the number of scalars to the same as the from: .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  restride array to match the zulip in the queryresult .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  all pairwise along a given axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric part of the current process .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if a key is multiple primary entity .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  returns the recursive function for a vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary of table names to an index .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  generate a list of all available aliases for which a thumbnails .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  default stream .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the window and a list of swaps .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns whether the user is running under the models .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  a helper function for the original patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a fast specification and plot to normal form .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to match an asset or by a given amount with the given version .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  returns the string encoded in the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  decorator for checking if a user is associated with the current request .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp into a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that wraps a method with arguments when loading a callback .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform scaling of the versa: approximation of a sound stocenv: sine scaling timescaling: scaling factors of the input sound .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse an html tree to html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  update the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dictionary without preserving the first and the value .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a notification of a test .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert a node into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  for all students state entirely for a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for reverse with host=services_url .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return the attributes of an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe using a repartition divisions by ranges if a shard has different levels .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a python object from a file using gzip .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the directory of this template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  get a plural or default if it matches the argument .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return the directed graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a scipy sparse matrix to a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find all volumes belonging to the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is not explicitly passed in .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return list of all label: names .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module identification function .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process the rules in the list of rules that matches the given rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find the stats by inserting only at the given tokens .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return correct string for opening an extension .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the table .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the user id of a specific user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return an iterable object containing the specified key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the values .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from the anchored url with the language key and version .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate the example rst for save test rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a mssql version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate an caa for urllib2 .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference to a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates the probability of a given file-like object .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to none .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return the textual level and level of the given level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  given a numpy array of arrays .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  display the settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the knot of the standard normal with respect to x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the bokeh path where f is located .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plot the harris points for each layer in the figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats the given size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  return s if s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns an integer that is over a fifo .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for resource .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  removes the json representation of the supplied dict .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  unwrap version of codes where the first item in list a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: mailchimp configure jenkins to add a finder version or builds a human include-failed-builds: n: of builds .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  filter a sequence of dictionaries to return a single range .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  get reasonable list for a user with <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a list of operation with a simple message .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  tries to the pid of the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise elements in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  adds a tuple to a tuple of result .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity when combining a normal score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  returns a unicode string that specifies a key by sorting a unicode key .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  helper function to construct a dictionary with all keys found in a dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common code lookup .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack an sequence of sequences to a septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the exponential of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options for the passed vm .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors and height of a string .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the available data directories .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy api-version from one column constraints to another database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if the host is a proxy function .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_field **parameters**: errors .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  view a list of all stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install or upgrade remote server .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark functions to not available in the current context .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource and returns it .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a list of result and a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  convert a string to a list of numbers .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  called at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the javascript and values for use in the javascript string .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem to the cache cache .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  iterate over the "identity" local files in a temporary extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute lookup that should be used to generate the underlying function to generate a class to generate the same file directly from the caching .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check that the existence of an upgrade is available .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class on a specific attribute of the given class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  sets the flic model files in a dict of path .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current email with the email address in the user .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread for a thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node in a node to an array .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  write an interface to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  decorator to smartly a function or method calls .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate a model model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a point to the nearest stroke name .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  is the @unsafe wxpython that is predictable .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple task to encode the zeros of a given parser .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  kbengine method .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use / change to set google apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a new user with a new profile .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  appropriate logarithm of *seq* .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  a gui of the thread .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed languages in the database .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  return a tuple like items .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook using a given queue .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document with current env .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of text .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the cumulative product of the standard error of a given vector .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a default locale dict .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  clean up a degeneracies .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  flag a function is true if method is false .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write markdown files to a config file .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from the log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns internal command with prefix for the final command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that get_readable_fileobj works and when it is a valid time .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the formatted function classes corresponding to the given parameters .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  get the top of the top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update an error message based on bad backends .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse an committish reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  get the adapter name for an adapter and mac address .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  transforms trace into a dataframe object to a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  to make sure vfolder and filter rules are not existing .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert any data into a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  return a projectresource version of the supplied sql server .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  dont choke the string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get unique ft_library filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  compute the heldout score function inplace .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed for the given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the contents of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  returns the path to the scripts .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forms all the given dictionary for the given dictionary and dictionary forms .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns a list of distance matrix in order .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  check if the policy is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  get the hardware address for a layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions of all hosts for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto the canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  find all the gating milestones associated with a given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see insert output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  lists the service .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  return the parameters params to the specified matplotlib .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  run the browser .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  make a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an environment .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  check if the reg has been configured with the target assignments .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move to the next time .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu percentage of process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to make the attenuation and check the number of data for each input .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder a number x is a theano integer n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot name is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the root window .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  get data for transformed points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  validate the unit file context .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of table objects of data .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  creates an entry from the given entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a string from a binary string .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the items of an item is before .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe and add it to the user .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates two model into a single example file .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  sends a delete object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup the media binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access list to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a value to the given function attribute .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the currently installed resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representation of a phone number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  get a list of the scaling policy associated with a given group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses an s3 uri using a db uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns the map of a given relation .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a unix ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  returns the random number of the toolsdir system .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  retrieve the enabled registry based on the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the duration of the in the geonode .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  ensure that the named container path is not currently running .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  ask for a message to be retried .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  the list of aff4 tree of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string in the format yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a status response code plus status responses .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of inheritance objects holding the end of the object args: obj_name : the object to check if the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all of the specified student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help myanmar the way that is in a warning .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition : string definition of a fused process definition : string definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the product of the square matrix in-place .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file path .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  change the source and destination to destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  ssh settings via an ssh bridge .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  remove all previously saved jobs .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a valid array .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns the bfs tree in the source nodes .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads are ip .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the cached options for each package specified by ability to install name the signature for which to install the program in the package cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that the incoming values are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  this function creates a bunch of roots for removing nodes .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test mandatory functions like the boilerplate .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  move to the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  creates a regenerate template for a student in the given course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetches a list of all a user has a particular course id .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compute the cross product of order .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  pick out the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  return a unified diff of the supplied diff .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color palette with a list of light .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency of company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a decorator to mark a function or method as a function .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the http token from http body and returns a dictionary of url .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a suitable url for a given target .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  only allow a named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get all auth .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  decode data from bom to decode for bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a file url for a single image .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to provide the result of streams and stderr .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository mirror list to the git config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to the container app if necessary .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether the file is installed on the system .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of instances matching the given age .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dict to an xml document .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  list the refs file references and return a list of refs .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  return true if the given node has a method marked as fails .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this parameters containing the options from the i/o tree .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert the given html or string to html-safe sequences .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether the url exists in the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the container exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns if the given user has permission to the given .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the sns method to be used for lx and nest back to store it in the database .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert a value .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the ids in the pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler to be available .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the configs for the named file .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check to see if mayavi version is installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return common counterparts name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert the day in iso 8601 format to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  returns the snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard keys .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  seconds -> str url-decodes a given string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset the cached usage information to the specified property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  register classes that should be a class or restart .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  decorator to temporarily check the id passed in .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the parent formstyle .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a list of the most recent arguments generates a string of the current interpreter list .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key for the current key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket to a bucket .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  decode the given list of evalf .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  avoid using readline if we are using workaround .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a matrix that is in the part of a unit matrix .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  given a dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s with all the spaces in the string s .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates an vocabulary of word and then containers .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform of the row of the matrix .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent template .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert images into an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if the struct name is a protocol name .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  retrieve the list of complete url .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a single service and return the result of it .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  generate a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  a test that can be called with the layer layer by an editable .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the cuda configuration object .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  adds title to a text .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function for a path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  verify all alphabet .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  return a == b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  check if the given node has been modified .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to track state changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  read all the pairs of the channels for a stim channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the smallest string in previous_labels represented by a ln .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return the first obtained from the second hexadecimal line .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract code information from bti code text .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  returns true if cmd at path is executable named by the given shell command in cmd .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  return the display options for the filepath .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  model fails with lists of .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a meshes file given a path .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of states for all save-manager in the given unresolved .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a bunch of deserialization instances .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  label: set the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a manager with compiler in n_jobs n_jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  iterates over records in a stored file .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  get the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path of the theme theme by name .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a keys for a comp .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading to prevent since no threading is supported .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a is not not not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursively remove an item from the resulting dictionary .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  dont evaluate the query_string and returns a query string .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  initialize version if required .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  test that user is assigned to that user is not a invalid membership .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a single region of the comparison between 2 and pacific .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the user can check the request has stats .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  clip a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  only return if the most of the config file and in unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a blob access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  display the media service .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  takes a string and returns a number of bytes .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the directory of the current project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string of the versioned body for a secret body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses the given request uri into a tuple of integers .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  display a change summary between changes and 100 value .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  sends the printed output to support email .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration a demonstration of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align the input to contain any .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse the stdout of a configuration file and return a dictionary of user input .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  print a message with the given key and key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the terminal .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  execute a command and give it to its arguments .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  returns none if an environment is raised by setting the environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes the configuration file to a configuration .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  computes the inverse of a matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search a successful results for a google storage object .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  returns a connection to connect .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  test calling _repr_html_ function .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  manage the authentication system .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a string and return a time-zone aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns an iterable of three chunks for a given list hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the stats of system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create an image from a string of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the directory name of the users repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  adds a traffic server to the db .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the uri of the given uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attribute to the db for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for topology function to become master until it returns true .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build-user-vars builds builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  emergency stop .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  selectable selectable certificates for a course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a server to a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate completion of the specified test .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the desk: for all unit .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete a filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of an instance and returns the result instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  crash the carving of the current dispatch dispatch .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  clear the youtube playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to mark a function to enforce and return a named id .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns the no position of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals in stdout if were using deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class object from a namespace alias name .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the fraction of the input map .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test vcs url .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  common function to allocate the current machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  encode the entrance exam exam and singletons .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if the path is a block level html tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a figure with a figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a single function is usable in a calling .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  coerce a database to the ith of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see url .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a fuse that iterates two lines .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  return a network port object representing the network port by multiprocess through the provided port .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the next history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a custom object for an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  format a jid for the specified jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize logging for the cli .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  convert the characters &<>" in string to html-safe sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  find valid var for get written in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global value of the project .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file from the filesystem .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  try to get a registered public language for a given language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test for issue #5617 when vstacking fails .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  pretty-print an object and returns its string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  runs a file on a web machine .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if the module is available .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette that are not in palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  returns the default handler for billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  asserts that first element with the lowest list of equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates an appropriate string for a python function .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation function .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the results of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  given a python object .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that will create the current time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create an ethernet hotp .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  authenticate google cloud credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of config-file .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  extracts the javascript code to a json string .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  helper function for get_config .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid host and can be used .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the gc to be used as the collector of the gc process .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an rate object .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  extracts a config file from the master .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a dict mapping values to a new target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the procedure and the procedure as a string .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  parse and return a list of normalized data separated integer .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  generate a maximum of sample identified by a given number of dimensions .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html format for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature using the specified feature args: feature : the feature to be removed .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and parse it with a simple name .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device object based on the pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim enable/disable and marking the front of a named front .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  convert a full name into a partition id .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  helper function to format a number in a string that may be an integer or a number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to be used in the admin list of locale and merging the current accepted .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  print out a string in the given directories .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile directory .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the url that contain multidimensional characters .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random nonce in the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  produces the unicode string made of an input prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the url that the user is triggered .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from a dictioanry of light .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap the specified task so that the parallel event loop is running in scheduled .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  combine the functions that may be a group when no functions .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels and times from node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the selinux guest to shutdown to access .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check to see if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  when a file doesnt exist .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid authentication with openid :attr request: context .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the root mean squared to the root mean of a matrix .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for all the given product product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  decrease the saturation channel of a color by hls or initializing .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  add a path name from universal path notation to a resource path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  adds a new page to the locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  a class decorator that is requested in modules .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  sets the value of the current file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover to the specified path .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  clear all the resource found in the kb .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  convert a dictionary of form strings to a new numpy .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  group the file in path .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the index to be included in a container container .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new cookie at the given temp_dir .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get the mor object for the object type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  extracts the shared token from an http client .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the config directory for the provided wsgi environment .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator execute a job after phabricator jobs .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test if cache is not empty .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform a logarithmic radius graph of params .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of tuples .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  helper for performing two sparse vectors .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an object containing a space-separated class object .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode text and send the commands to the extruder for this process .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all set of all lti via a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests bok-choy doesnt do anything .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a django model to the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections of the series filter function parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing tasks .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  ensure that validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  determines if string is a string or string-like object .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an entity transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace -> string return a copy of binary codes with a new data? .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns the id of an image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  returns a single vector containing a normal list of observations n .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  return a default value of fallback .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup the existing factory for test .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to kill a dataset and read the metadata for the specified package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate md5sum of the file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  add a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function function function name the function passed to the function .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a type of bytes .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  tries to identify a device with ctypes likes likes .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  writes a utf-8 basis to the nearest binary in the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  class decorator that get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create the threaded that will sync the reactor threadpool threadpool threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  you can add a title to a year .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get the path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts a string .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  find the first store and return the resulting store .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  whether the not tested calls the specified axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named query string with all named query arguments stripped .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to be able to have a xmodule .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run the function and retry it while getting function while recipe the signal was run .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  url decode url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  factory function to create a new process object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add transitive data to the source counts .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a ljust version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return the correct type of obj .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary of pairs to a tuple .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  converts the version string to a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the combined options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  stacks resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of trusted in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the number of available penalty by applying a network to the given penalty or group of the parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca folder is available .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the mongo process .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  returns a dict of available service classes .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string to a python bytestring .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get path to a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy the instance cells .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns the id of the db .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints with the given name .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  assumes a mixture is a mixture of null filter .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  encode a string for case-insensitive .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  maps items to a condition .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension based on its __version__ .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be done in next previous .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the oslo_config plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares a zone for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return the originating seqs of an seqs .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  checks if there is a zip based on a glob window in the current string .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the disk size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a quoted value with the given string representation .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  supports the query_string data at http request and http request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  print a default constructor .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search adapter class .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  ensure filename is allowed to be a file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  share the default config files .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  computes the epipole corresponding to the 1-norm evaluated matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  divide and subtracts a value *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reconstruct columns based on their corresponding data .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  private function used to samme model .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified devices .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  generic bivariate log of the standard deviation along the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  test that macro can accept overlap with str_choices and overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  library for removal of a 'multiple .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  convert maxfilter-formatted html characters in a dot text into a valid html document .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an person application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert raw integer to an int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id cli example: .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr kernel .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  list all available available' .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message into log .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  checks if value is a valid 2-tuple of validation .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert image images to four numeric image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal helper function to push note types .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript source file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the cached inventory .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  caches hash for a table .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite polynomials into equations .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  test that distances can be created and without geo estimator .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts a given service identifier for each service .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a message with the given message .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a string for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds a entrypoints prefix for the given target id .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  provide the things of the current test using the openstack_config aio .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  makes the loop to know the execution loop in an infinite loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for a user .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  get a string representation of an item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a unsubscribe unsubscribe .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric power of the data along the specified axis .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all visible namespaces .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at ids .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a simple string from a bokeh text message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  verify that the string cannot be validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that fixture providing text into several classes .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper around sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to ensure permissions are deprecation as typing .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse process statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given a task name and a search results .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a string with spaces replaced by a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  initialize the resource handler for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  returns number of fields of a hash .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event callbacks from notification service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when a folder labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  send the current user to clients cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try import the module if get the import version of a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical spline between two distributions .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  set up the current result to an etag .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the *k* best individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  given a dict of images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of all the keys in a form .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process message creation by sending the last message to logging .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a django model from model_file_name model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html documentation for known project .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for joyent configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage file .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  for versions of current thread .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to get x along the incoming shape .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a json file .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  set or set of parameters that are parameter .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in scripts .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a dictionary of keys and a new one .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the given string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  replace the windows socket to the packet using the parameter managers .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  returns the content of the string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get the commit message for the smtp .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a square matrix of the given degree and g .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read a file containing one cell of the file in a list of: .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a list of the mapping types for a given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test when we are not using the nvidia driver with a proper driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  helper method for creating and configuration of the api .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validates an xml file against the fly .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  extract a list of datasets from a blockdevice_id .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  extract a series of subject names from a string in each string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user system user all operations should be performed on behalf of user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title of title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a timestamp into the rules as a string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move through the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  encloses each counterpart counterpart using the sha512 unicode counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get the description for a given server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wraps image calls to pass to value .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  generic function to run users on switch .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform completion of two python files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for an http calls to be available in the given path .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  generate a student for a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the key for a bunch of values .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns the amount of tabs to 8 in the tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove any datasets from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the class of the source code for an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  expands expands into something more serializable by the end node .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test if not exist .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse a single user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  converts an object into a string of the form required for the sympy .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  convert a possibly code into an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over the topic topic reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific child volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  returns the full description of the imap socket .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  check of functions against all form .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to read a random data .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  sets up names that use the section with the name .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  load virt from file .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender to see if it exists .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a generalized addition .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  return an audio file containing a python source and a list of audio instances .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  get the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the float with a float .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure that the active log format is active in the last log for the given format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the current win32 is not a hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  estimate the points of a range of features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  delete a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  implement simple way to bernoulli samples .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  get a list of file names of the package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is a valid numpy path .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  test for issue #5617 snippets with an untrusted markup .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  display a list of all currently installed zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns them .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line of quoted-printable text .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  validates all validator types .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  called when the python exception is raised by the screen handler fails .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration rated domain .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder string for the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  minimal minimal against data .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the regex matching the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return files matching a list of detected files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of the actual hypergeometric .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by side .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return virtual server configuration .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  get the status of a particular grain .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find the first file with chunks of file in filepath .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters that also be present in a html .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to add to the target priority .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a valid config file with options[classes] .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links for a page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations in csv file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  add a new person record .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute time-frequency using a linear regression .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  get the source line for a node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a list of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns an empty team from a team team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a saves to disk .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the language-code of the finite-difference .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns all registered modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use in javascript .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the localized events for signatures .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  returns true if the given bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get the commit message from the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns successful documentation for the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator for sessions related to the database .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a python rsa key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a string .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  extracts the command from the git and log them .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compiles a list of notification and returns the data .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  builds the first open locale and save it into the locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  transform a host name into a string of its random ascii .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  create safesearchannotation of the region of a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string with any forbidden characters replaced with a single newline .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a ready for this module .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a tweet of iterations iterations .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if a named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns the dictfetchmany as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a test worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the *l2* sequence of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit from tb and limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  find points in points for a 1d list .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return a list of the sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  find a threshold threshold threshold for a specified path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  respond for a handler which measures the orphans for a given course .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in a subprocess .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that the functions can be properly handles a bound .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns the discussion xblocks in the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  ensure that user is assigned to the current user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and a upper bounds all admitting functions
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return the version string when the process was run in the process .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on saving with no other member .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  connect to the database; application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a driver type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  checks that the course access to the course with the given user_id .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get node status for a specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  find the set of ip addresses corresponding to an asset or all-pairs .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge sort: returns a sorted list of lists that indicate the given summaries and the following folders .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  covering covering console login and dot .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks if env is a hexidecimal and converts it to an environment specification .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  return an output file that was configured with a plotly file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return a file path from the head root directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function returns the default context manager .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  find the first file with the given prefix and returns a list of prefixes that have a toplevel_dir prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking a function or method .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate that -tuple .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph from display .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  return the canonical string for the given articles .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  receives a dict and returns a dictionary of parameters .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  makes text content of the two lines .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  stochastic the bounding box of the step .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  send message to an output .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a list/tuple and a percent .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  return the id for the partition .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the text display after a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the text in a posix file in the $home/ .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator (meant to convert a type value to a python type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the status of all available lamps .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  view that creates a user who the db api .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  detect a guido .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup profiling .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a client .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  covert position of arbitrary vectors .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  initialize a test template for the test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  returns the expression of the first sign in the expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns the show version stored on the hypersearch .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the message can be treated like a single line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns a string to use for tracking images .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  display a cookie .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path path .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a new value for the suds object .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  insert comment into the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return the address for the given elastic type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this waits for a vm to return its session state when the vm has been committed and to provide a session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  fail unless exception wrapped in unittest .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  parameters download_base : byte sequence in the same tree join the same tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read a wrong table with wrong wrong marker table .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  ascii85 -> str generator return the packet of n .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read the data format .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and a zone .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  a function to check if a given type is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the value followed by the value .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  run the reactor and run the reactor until it returns a reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an environment variable that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by id bound with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  clear out docker context .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if a string is present .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align to align the primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  get the path for a config file in the given path .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an action for all the given parent .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called after the function is called .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check if the class name is nose given a descriptor .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the number of strings that contain the given data .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy a file descriptor to data .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fixture that require a language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a json-string object for the targets found in a given file .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default events page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a client from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to return the epsilon of a time .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add version of string to an offset .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal depart depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  rabins deterministic distinct degree in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses a test list of tests and creates a dictionary of tests that failed failed .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess the axes of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named repl .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  adds a new dict to a dictionary of values .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add a bunch of numbers .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  split the number of unbalanced in a list of opening .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verifies that the specified password matches the supplied password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper function for creating a getter object .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a basic taps of an projects .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  ensure that pg that name is not a valid viewpoint name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper to render the final graph for final action .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed for a specific package name the name of the package to search to search to install cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents movement .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca file using mkstemp() from write the ca file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get get loops loops going through the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  create a file from the metadata for the belonging to the output .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is a constant time in the given string .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the standard error of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the interquartile range of the normal distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the pairwise kernels of a matrix whose name is in the denominator of a 4d function .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add links that are only for every plan .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create a new project and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  look up the local namespace for the specified key in the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  measure off the operators of an image library and return a list of ctypes installed via acpi .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  verifies credentials with http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  helper function that parses the node from a document .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  lookup the input time_str as used by the function .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get all volume mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  returns a string of the result of a given path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the network instance associated with an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the mask of a given binary .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete an inventory from the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  checks if the configuration variables required and configuration that need to be available .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the resource dataset and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  basic exact function .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  convert a form for the menu to a form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api calls .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that suppresses the shortest directory to run validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a users - sites for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  courses controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return an event over all the plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute routine for sha1 .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  function to load if any loader in the given meth .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript code of the source code and frappe in js .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  the context manager that yields the current code at the next .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  take the output of the specified version .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  computes the spectral radius of a bound radius in *n* .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  turns a device in zenoss into a device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  prefix prefix should render a nested prefix with prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a list of files to a single container in a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all instance flavors .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics function to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group parameter group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first leaf that is a successful string .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  look for the vm that are attached to the vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports and validate a string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that any standby are not passed to sleep .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check the right weights for the weights weights and size: .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given payload is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a t7 instance from the given identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  ensure that the user is lockable or lockable instance is bw: .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  load mathjax script from mathjax .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given tree directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if the clause form have present in g .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a directory like mkdir or secreatesymboliclink mkdir path .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  loads common settings from the request processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get a soldiers link in the current context .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action function .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n326 - dont use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run a tornado server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter line for a list of parameter or syntax .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  return the page from the href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  checks if fsl_course version is installed and fails .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  determine if the field of the text-match field has the same fields in the block .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  create a directory atomically .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check for a queue in the setting of the queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to get/create a new permissionset .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  detect modules without comprehension .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert the coordinate value into a theano specification .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value pair file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that no gives the same set .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed packed text for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get cached http requests .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of lines from the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the real game can be saved .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a polynomial f to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  returns path to test test data file for the directory .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plot a subplot plot in a list .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy transcript from a transcript file to another location .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns integer board ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator to unindent all available docdict .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of a given length .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  for the provided resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes connection .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make pidlockfile runner to pidlockfile scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  sets user with whats .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  follow a user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  show all help dictionaries .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  load macros from all macros .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns a dict of lxc binding .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  get a content of the given value from the given key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a set of redirects in a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative strings representing the lower strings in a and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  fill the gcode file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor access list .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a base node with the given base node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get city lat lat .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  when a trailing root directory should be a properly python 2 .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  returns the queryset of the classif function .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  track a new track .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on which the given index using .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value to hex .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  get a list of users that are present in this given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add names of the attributes which are used to track them .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a random integer value with 1 <= x <= random .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject a new coursetalk into the current show into the specified course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  called when a html file is related to html .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a shell command .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  return the store .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a function that can be used to list to amap .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract a subset of dependencies from the lower and a list of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a proxy implementation .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes an object to the firebase document or a list of data .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media size in embed .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return a copy of the string pattern with filename that matches the pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  recursively as .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns an iterator that returns a nice date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  tar a buffer object that isnt a stream .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate a matplotlib task with unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall edge reciprocity of g in the graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all objects and put the objects of the given dict .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  return a dict with a and set of tuples of target patterns for the given object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  find the migration with the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  get a list of ids of all the given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the polynomial is inside the polynomial .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main program .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this function .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that value is a string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a list of jobs for the given extra filter .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a value in the location of a given maximum configuration .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common common d between d and key .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  setup and store an auth key .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of common strings and apply to each object .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the function output an iterable such that the memoized or more results of the memoized functions .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns labels to use when a function .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  display a notebook documentation for the specified model .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that are messages in messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find the directory where a given file path is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by s3optionsfilter to provide the item of an item .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given image before fitting .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return a virtualenv for the specified directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  detect all l1s within specified device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  format firewall in the firewall line .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the raw filenames of a dictionary of literals .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  urllib2 requests to a user .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return the time in seconds of a time in seconds .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  returns the string from an arbitrary code for a code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin introduces a game with build .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  a class decorator useful to add a class to an existing class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run a shell command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team in a team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a string into a list of numbers .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return value for value in display .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over the format of a format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a reply-to user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  fake click button .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  calculates the search of a search-and-replace in a basic search string .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get a traffic server next campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a target .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  given a callback value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return a list of all homebrew cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main section of the git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  activate jquery animations on page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  replaces instances of table lines of their original table .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  convert an metadata model to a file metadata .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return python object for the dict .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  called by the add_user function to create the account override the account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  builds the national number for a specific number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for key=value ports which will be an option and a reference to a string .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a single string for being run on the system .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  use parallel okay to use the classes or classes .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update stats and download the switch counts .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  single closed issues given a single closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test zoom with and without diacritical .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for request methods to register the current session .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api and returns whether test needs to be microversion and running a test .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  user has problems of a csv file .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  the name of the tag that created select .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats the given tokens to human readable string .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: differential equation function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make all rounded into one or more keynames .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of all available additional boot cli example: .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an existing tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  instructs chocolatey to find a directory that doesnt already exist .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return a unifrac-like row .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  equivalent of the cluster .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate unified along the given raw non-empty events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks that minute .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the points inside the begin and the end of a point .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl opengl configuration .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  invert a permutation of indices into a new string .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  adds a bug that doesnt segfault when given a original exception .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  the free extension for ipython parameter .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  get the message name for a backend backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs system .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  add a get request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parse and return request data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  create node dependencies from a cache of node .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr minus dimitem | expr gt expr | const_ref .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a single bytestring .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a assembles from an object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes the log of a batch .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  enforces 2 characters that looks like a dns regexp .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  mysql : usage: header with statement .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  remove a single demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  down a cookie by setting it to down cookie .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns an image object populated with metadata stored in the image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a pixel between lengths and a specified si .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key from a list of azs key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  inspect the bracketregion or class for the received repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator used to track the function for a given course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric counter for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method name has a method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create and write a component component of a component component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex string to an one-line address .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a hash for the current process .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse a string to a json file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  convert each extension in schemas to an extension .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes a google storage file and removes all successful files of the given files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  get a brocade specific network state .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  update the lazy result of all related models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  add a text to prefix with a prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns stats for matching changes of json data .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair that uses local application .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  module-specific a set of table objects from table .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over f by name of the input array of x .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build an api url for a string from a notebook api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the inner integral of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  outputs a python data directory .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to the file if present .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  transforms a numpy array into serialized encoding .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  returns an iterator over the keys in a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  rarefaction and information from acoustid server to handle acoustid and fingerprint .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan of the current block size in a separate block 1990 .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns the file path to the directory where we can find a file in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  creates a unique listener for each instance in a byte-string .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  sending a service to a service to call .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a string that counts the given graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  conditional to conditional packets .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  get a package directory where packages is located .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  pretty-format a datetime object to a datetimes timestamp .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of visible courses not provided courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  converts an integer in ascii85 into a reduced form .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves all packages from a query of master and get the result of it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep for running system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the epoll() mainloop to be run using the process .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  return the attributes from the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if not already installed and the version of pyenv .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads calculations in tidies .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test indexing on skycoord .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary of the given axis for a given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a map of sequences for a given distribution .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  perform self-test product .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a colormap of the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns random rgb or path from the initial queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  dump message into a point message .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  try to identify an admx table using random data .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the given name is a valid python version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom decorator for sphinx operations of sphinx operations .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate an http date .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper method used to return a url value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs gettext and python gettext for installation into installation .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checking the error code returned by the first argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  crypto a list of samples .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load past dataset .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract extra version-2 kwargs kwargs for the given request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  test importing nothing should work in vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a test case of test case classes .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the cli tool for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the compressor request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the provided data and the description of sparse .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts a text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  check that gaussianvislayer .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture providing a template class .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from the css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  return unicode in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check sparse dataset for sparse dataset .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts to the host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  ensure configuration plugin is available .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the list of paths .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  decorator to update request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  parse a list of fields for a given dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a file object to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp commit .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes and decode the string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  executes a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return the url based on the prefix and the prefix of the given prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  perform a copy of the left layer read in a list of files .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component of the specified component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a wrong in the correct multicol .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  asserts that there is a string with respect to an html list .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  call the official table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  display the user out down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  helper that returns non product of two arrays .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is a string - used to be used as an experimental to mark the model and should not be passed to the "exec" context manager .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function calls to pickle output .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  create a timegrouper with a license license with the given license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute the surface of a bit .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer value in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file and on-disk u'samaka' with a on-disk on-disk .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator function .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape an iterator of the special characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication assigned to the same configuration file .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  return the string representation of the xml token .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class for a given class .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the elapsed time when message has been modified .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  show a course section access for this section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the regularized score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column within a data list .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parse an open file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given releaseid .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the treesegment (q) for the given tree node .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download download url for a github resource .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the mangled name for a given object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the config is in the correct configuration .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping before and after .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  return a model instance for the current thread .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the endpoint of a outcome .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  factory function to return a timezone aware datetime object .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  parameter print types .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the specified text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return a mock for the given version of the named package .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  deserialize the mapping data into a dict .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state of the current thread .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose code bar .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a resource that track the independent of the current triangle .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  serializes an xml readable data .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  cache-ing implementation of the client .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  extract the given filename from the given string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  call the votes must be visible in a user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  run the celery error .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  applies a string of urls for use in a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the elements of the product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  convert a unix time fields to mututally .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered outside loops from loop .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run an command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  password password change .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  compute prior to be estimated using newtons method .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of comments that block the current token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel to create a rhel distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return a incoming counter representing the average of obj .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage image to an array .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout set on timeout is changed .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a list of all the exploration summaries domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read from the hub cache for the google content .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  dump the data to a delay python function .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create a new servererror equity note: this will be used to create a integer or localhost .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the exception logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all member of the given resource .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  from hex .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace object .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a single-precision floating point pack pack pack pack file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  this function is used to summary the 4bit files in a sqlmap directory .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with all between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  helper function for gf_edf_zassenhaus bytes from the buffer object .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a tree of a set of axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a dict of a config dictionary to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a given precedence item from host and return the upon precedence .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default deadline for credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view for osf login .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  search a field by field name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  convert a full config value into a full name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging handler .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a certain process .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get the default object to use for the current thread .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the pending future .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  return standard compression string for regression .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical this plugin sets up at certain parameter .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  verify that the host is an earlier key for the given host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two complex points of a digital filter .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test if filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  return info about remote server that will be read from the objects for both host and the layer .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key which is descending to be used in mb .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the data passed in key exists .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild the schedule and try to rebuild a rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  find translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  add a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  find home directory if it exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  list public ip .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print the tarball at dataset .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a unix file object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform normalized autocompletion on a single video .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the configuration directory path to the temporary directory .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash from a list of beggining .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of srs -> list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper around nx .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  inverse of the input to each row using the durbin-watson of the numpy .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to check that a method is called as an atomic atomic @writedef .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file hash from a file based on the file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solves the linear differential equation :math:ax + xa^h = order .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a list of all available help message or directory: in the help .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  return a configured instance for the named spm plugin .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a python numeric version .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  returns a profiling interval with profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote the characters of a list of arguments .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a sphinx report for the given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory for the given directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator function for listing multiple values from the zoneinfo repository .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for avoiding reasons .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a model object by the resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple values from a validator with a list of choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a list of the linear difference between f and advance .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  send the database to pid; wont until the nearest app is allowed .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  turn a description of a string into a list of lamps .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure the cluster certificates by a cluster on some node .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all ckan after the given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get the xml elements .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  extracts the checks for the group of a user and email counts .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of all exercises that the user is completed in .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns mongo kernel name from db .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  indices a function to be a no-op .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  generate a list of lagged for a lag in x .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return the metadata of a resource_view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  general test for functions .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a num_perms of a bosonic .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the profile options .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path of a users config file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches a metadata for being registered by name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and write the relevant configuration file to a file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner object of the managed object .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of ip addresses from a named tuple .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator ensuring that the user is not a read user .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a power of eigenvectors for an address .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  the version of the dupe .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  configures fullscreen video chroma and return our current video .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  restart the gluon routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  writes a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  multivariate normal assumes that the most of the normal cumulative distribution is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  returns the featured feed of the current feed .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a list with two sequences of each block .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the product along the quadratic j .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field with an optional field definition .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string in each string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  covert to bytes .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  generates a slightly slightly large word + c .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  convert the connection options object to a specific vpc id using dhcp settings .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - source database or database entries option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend fileserver : fileserver the salt fileserver fileserver : base the salt fileserver environment to be listed backend narrow fileserver backends or 1 .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function in a list for which function in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a postgresql site .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call function with arguments .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid url path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  update the process with the given params if the given params is present .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously allocates the current process from a future .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of files required by a parametrized log message .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of keys for the user from gpg .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of all available minus minus the figure .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  adds the leading space to the leading line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a list of variables into a new hash hash .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user out .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with uint8 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  for pseudo-inverse of the executive discovery .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  copy a new by ids to a given reference .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a class instance for the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of 2 images on the current device .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  calls into the server .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a running system .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  return true if the forum has access to the forum .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns the version of the systemd .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the files in the given file to tar the backends file to tar .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  element in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  test to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception handlers using the accept wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  find the python files in the directory and report it .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to the url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  preflow g .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  find mac directories that are available at the given absolute path .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file path .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all tags .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the incoming rate from the incoming rate point of a valuation .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function for a file-like object and returns it .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the specified avatar context for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if output is true .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  reader function for _in_encoding instances of macros .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return smbios_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this function is called before user-entered when exception is called .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  get the pid for a process id .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  helper function to get contrast if effect is not a wrapper .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to the vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  onpick callback that can be instantiated .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check for the root mean absolute mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  avoid logging level loggers to log it .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  registers a stream in use by setting the user to avoid blocking old stdin .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build a serialized document for the document from a serialized .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a dict of rules for a complete rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  compare two nodes and populates the target attributes .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate the format for a cassandra tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  remove a network from the specified ip .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  the current document to the admin site where the current site is a child .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  registers the profile .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return available boot type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given string is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either a datetime | date or a datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return a wrapper that allows a tagged of a tagged function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a due to the specified time .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queues in a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  parse the data signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the directory of the directory with the bokehjs dir .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an skipgrams .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a random paragraph string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the given user has a permission accessible permissions .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  decorator for memoizing function to cache the specified length .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  find the elements of a and b are in the current list of common elements of the list of strings; .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano fraction returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  get and convert to a file of topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : step expr | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess unicode names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  dummy healthz .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a unique id of the given filename and pathname .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  call this function if a function is not available .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns an individual file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the unicode text of the object .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory where file has given dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads a query from an url .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of products matching the specified user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  set a simple decorator .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  get cart code that must be updated from the database .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load default step output .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  creates a layer function that maps the layer to the given feed .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  return a string of the form in the two strings .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse name_or_value keyword .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test the structs for output .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an object of the given attribute and a field name .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  generates polynomial coefficients for a rational polynomial of the polynomial sensor .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a database manager object in the db .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  generates a list of exception frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  returns a matrix that is in a nzb environment .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the loops of the loops in the given list of complex points .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker claim for an cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if servicenow is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints a bold .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  return the global app .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates a proper database to latest packages .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split path components into windows path and postgresql db .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  format a timestamp for a c{datetime timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  make logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  turns an actionexecution into the null information .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  copy a reactor tests and return its results .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that revision and on-disk revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  get the settings as a zip file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restores the current nesting separator from a renewal separator and a new set of values .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load w/ shell shell shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone an object into a set of replacement .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the unique theme for theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  field_id : input .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for the master controller - used by role_required autocomplete .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of canonical or string in an installation source .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  returns a binary digest for the pbkdf2 hash algorithm of data with the given salt .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  helper function to xkcd function from given individual and append to the closest completion .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a file-like object to a both pep8 and train the original dataset .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  takes an xml formatted date string and returns a utc date formatted string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  ensure the racadm command is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  create a autocreate for aka a remote host .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create a tuple of axes and return the result .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove an element and register the auto_close_date element .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init of a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a rotated kkt by scope .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convenience function for loading true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  lists all ports of the ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  calculate the surface for a substring meg using surface .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert from the rayleigh space to the waist of a gaussian distribution .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown fields to markdown field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister wrapper on static files .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a list of all the input arithmetic .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  open a sequence of pathnames based on the given stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the incoming altaz can be set in specifying the jpl .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  x: negative minus best fit .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  end the documents and creates a new tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied urls with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the client for vera controller devices .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  test rfc1123 div .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch and return roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get outset path output .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  flattens a dict with the nested values of a given prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check version of python data .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  get a iso8601 draft for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to the number of time and returns the resulting time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns the structured number for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates a full url for a file from plotly .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  try to get the xkcd argspec of a xkcd .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load python data from a file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  a generator that does several source files contain any .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a configuration from the database .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory atomically .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  tries to determine the connonical arguments for an album name .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  converts a gaussian distribution in the equation system .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a command in a python installation usage .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  load a template tag library module .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test to ensure that tables are as expected .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of the supplied code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename and filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns partitions from dev device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix the value to display for a horizontal location .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the elements of the data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  locate a file name and return the text in the form of the file .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed for the given feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the decov statistic for the viewport dataframe .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  find all files with the file_check of a callables .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return paths without leading and trailing spaces .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes in source .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server and the child process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert a raw image to a libvirt numpy array .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a strategic file lookup with a local namespace context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  test if an url is a local url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli processor from the list of tokens .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  format a string made up of width .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any item off the input to a scheduled list .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate the specified function for a function name .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds the atomic group to the queue group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test if a non-existing file is enabled .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features step tags are not register tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  print a command to the output .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random item from the specified distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket and port and port the socket server .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if a docker mount is in the vm or not .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  will update a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the comment for a specific comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  returns the path for webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  display the usage with the principal widget .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a child command and return its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert config file for json serialization .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  prints the current plusplus functions .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  returns the skeleton of the current environment .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create a uploads .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format as an print .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify public key using public webhook .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive process .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a regexp and returns either this string or a regexp .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version of the _ specification .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  print out the data to a specific format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split a recursive order .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters the provided urls for each home .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  file descriptor to end up to file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle urlencodes of basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  removes trailing whitespace characters from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  decode a file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts python string to an ascii string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the minimum radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the table of the element .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the spec .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all of the thread .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  find the class of a class for a given frame .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite mask using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  iteration_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  helper method for creating a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  utility function to wrap a context .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates a unique meas id for the given dict of an xmlelement id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid characters and fallback spaces .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns the str of the entire element in the given multipart list .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google cloud storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the xml encoding and content of the xml file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate the secret key and store it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return true if the asset object is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse a progress from an html string .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close all serial port and return a dict containing those connections .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about an image cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return the timestamp for the current thread .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  reload service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  returns true if the decorator is available .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set a random state of all states within the given estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator marking the decorated function as typing and registrations .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove element from a list and its elements .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the master services .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if repo_directory has any repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  uses vectorized to convert a number of image dictionaries .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a workflow object initializing the given source file path .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  decorator for views that require a given addon to access this is a user .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  run a function after loading the results of loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get a sphinx .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  get all servers in given power and power of specified power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a authentication manager to each .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  given a sympy equivalent .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that all installed jobs are not installed .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne positive arguments .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that passes a client and set the result of url .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  generic view to make a course of ebs discussion course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  makes sure units and hierarchy are enabled .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  create two color with the color and returns the difference between two color tuples .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  checks if a transform is a same numpy array .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  generates links by the user .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return the correct fan-out json optional: url .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the function at the given covariance and return the null hypothesis .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns a stub function for connecting to the root directory .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template and return a list of completed [] .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime value into a datetime object .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all providers .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a directory containing a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test split split and : .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears the search index for an index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the request value from the request if one is present and the given request object .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a key that is a list of replace .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an image .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if the line contains an out-of-line trace .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a random token .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  update attributes for all the common functionality .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  transforms a checker into a checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico symmetric efficiently efficiently .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  for testing template module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  custom test runner used in unittest .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the transifex nonce string for the transifex .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  helper function to expose epoch object for all pairs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  create the objects for an object .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for a particular state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to the parent directory of a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if elasticsearch libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end class .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn a new csrf request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  update websites update .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return intersect as a list of lists of ascii values .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check the course mode for the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split the number into a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator to make sure the function is a safe version of the test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  write a string to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a key/value pair from a file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  returns the integer or return the integer obtained by iterating over the configuration .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the base image properties for a base .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  return true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks when the current site is installed with the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if apache is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes the specific clsid of a unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated evacuate facts if they were not
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the specified module .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining points to the closest remaining dialogs .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  a class decorator to apply an appropriate re-patching to the issubclass class of a remote input .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns all issues of the given issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  displays the yaml for a list of states and version .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns if gitpython object has no line areas .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate training with inception variables .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  return an iterator of the graph g in a graph .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string indicating if we want to .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a profile is truereturn .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get the osf date .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  run the testsuite and return a list of css and version .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  computes the series of dicts .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the node is used as a decorator node .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a s3 object to a bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  tries to find filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is used to convert any time to a date value in the response .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  construct a copy of all grr with same element as the same name .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  returns a two-dimensional function that takes a single item and returns none if the ufunc is none .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  this is a decorator to test the decorated function .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  decorate a method with this decorator to cause a request to be a view-only .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing volume_type .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  check for request .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  computes the erfinv mean of the standard normal distribution .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret and tv secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a single template file from the salt master template .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  compares a value of the parameter configuration value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the centroid of a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new aes cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  convert a .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production input file and return a list of elems pairs .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row and a dataset .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes a string to a python ascii string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects search file in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by the the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the task specified by the given user .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns current worker instance for a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates a simple random bytes of positional chunks .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  define a service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does the choice play when the action is present .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  count the number of clades length in a tree .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine if the object is an object .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  determine whether the input levels are nan or a tuple of .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  change the cart to use .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove string from a list of string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  carving carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the returncode system can be loaded correctly .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups activity stream of all users .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the images table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person contact data for a user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  calculates the log sequences .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a default cluster for a cluster .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a form field to a dictionary of any config types .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified model character with the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  returns the version of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate manipulates requirements for each of the specified requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the specified file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  extract the sum of a given column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  move a file or folder if it already exist .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  format text to formatted string .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object for an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  default function to check if v] is true .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool xml as raw tool .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for header header errors .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output and display a histogram of data .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a file into the filesystem .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return the schematic for the specified operator .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the jitter dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  find the number of digits for a string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register one or more or all the entries in the consistent opcodes .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random get .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  loads any directories to the given directory .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  gather logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get attributes for an object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  checks if an compatibility is not installed and returns the global parser .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check that a configuration is not valid .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  context manager to change the command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak method to a callable target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return vmdk size for glance images .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  tries to parse the version string to a python version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  create square matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and get it .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a folder .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  delete a random circuit in a circuit .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return a desired filenos .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  fetch the object and store it on a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts the input data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  removes a valid user id from a author author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging excepthook .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a filesystem artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  the most of motion quantiles of a square matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks directories .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks that a test class can be required .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  the args for a hdparm or a description .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create a generator for working directory .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a json representation of an instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools version is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get equation with each component in the point .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a single profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the checksum of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  returns the length of the object .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  returns the median of the values in values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  return a unittest suite of the database .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  attempt to authenticate with a function correspond to a program .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  convert string to an integer .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  traverse metric statistics into a python object data: metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  compute the average clustering of the bipartite clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the args were the interpose .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the recaptcha response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all compute ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift methods are properly propagated .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file and return its filesystem .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize stream or stream .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the various summary path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  almost : simple_stmt | newline | models | newline | stmt .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  prints current user settings for all configuration files .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from random vector f and domain .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get post-configuration with decrease period .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the list into a node .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an http request containing the correct tuple and returns the partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  loads all the user["friends"]; from a viewpoint .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds and dataset a dataset on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- dataset-- model and dataset it with uploaded .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns a budget_kit_item map file for each file in input list .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create test of provided as logging for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file from local web page .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out which match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  decides whether the given node can be used to infer a function .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path of the empty module that can be imported under the given directory .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  iterates through pat and pattern matches the given list of all occurrences of that match pat .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  invert a set of monoms into a list of the longest dict .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the first command and writes it to the value .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory named path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  search for an expression in a string that contains the tokens and parses the expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the specific request .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  get the get_platform() by the name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the value of a given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  the main function .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a list of issues in a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator which allows a repr function to handle key data and return value when the decorator is a repr .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the running system context using the given bookmark context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  adds a symbol to a message database .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  give a dictionary of next ids and pass it to the next available prior .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  deserialization version of personal .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the configuration file to a specific configuration cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file in bytes .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  return whether the status code is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds a new element to arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  convert a symbol into a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  test for dynamic-string-scriptler two dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  check send report to daily report about frappe .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is called once for an website in the command line .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test the included api_key based header to ensure the provided auth works as expected to allow access to one .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  transform a string to an url .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run a python shell command in a given subprocess .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create custom state .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db error is raised when not binary .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by their provider for each resource .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert an image to an exif data .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract translations from a python file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more model objects .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file with mode and a python file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  handle mysql/pg of actual objects .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if x contains valid order curve curve and is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  return the result of the given dimension with the given dimension shapes shapes shapes .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor indicating the number of sequences in a neighbor .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper function used to create a list of pairs from an argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command and url at url if it has a correct url download the download url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  ask wrapper for optional optional wrapper .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue message(s) to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function that returns nanrows .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the correct or asset file of an app file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function will return the path to the git checkout .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a processor for the specified revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a package name .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a list of transformer field name and transformer of the block field of the boolean field .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent user using pip install dependencies .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path based on configuration and from request path .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model object configured on the django .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random size .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for unenroll and aggregate them .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  construct an integer representing the vms .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  return the graph g of the graph g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations to the current plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  deprecated: please use / multi-rater .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the first kind of the measurement for sha1>*] ols escalation points1 caller id of the second kind .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a dataset to end color dict .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  display a commit and log the content .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if a given package id is installed in the given package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call to call a postgres server .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the sentiment in sent using the given entities .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license from the specified key .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute the indefinite sum of a function that returns the indefinite integral for the indefinite sum of variable normalization .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  helper function to execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to figure out the database .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to the freesurfer_home home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the name of an object .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make a file with the given arguments and stderr .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test when matplotlib file has a bug that will be instantiated .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a list of sample identifiers from a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sitemap for the sitemap .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given list of rsync constants .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  the smallest number in milliseconds since the epoch to read the epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  start a help command in a web environment .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius interval to a mobius integer .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to define a function that also returns a not yet to be used as a weighted path .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  recursively ensure that all path described in an object mod remainder .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a virtual machine .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set active attributes .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  returns a theano model with theano variables plus theano .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return inverse of the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set new descent to the input individuals .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the location of an application .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  returns the grade of the specified module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  "dir" -> bool .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  list all vms ids .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  context manager that changes the printed output to avoid unicodeencodeerror when printing the code .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  return the root namespace based on option .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency with the optional frequency datetime start of the fixed frequency .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  return true if the given value is equal to compare .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates a diff for the given action .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply the camel-case fields to each file in forward order .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the required jdk architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns whether the powers has super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  set up a worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  decorator for authenticating with a new redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  locate a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the flat and b .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  given a database name and a new column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run system inline inline .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  asynchronously run a certain collection config .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  return an error message .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  return the evaluated with the lowest and dot .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  adds a new version number to the previous point .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns random string of a given number .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename of the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure that the error: document is compared .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the list of keys returned by the focus .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a local revision of a socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  given a field name and a dictionary of arguments .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a script .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  convert from cartesian to rgb .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get a thought object for the current thread .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an unpickled role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key and a string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the number of characters in a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names from the file data .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick the installer plugin config .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  construct an entry from a given dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective parameter notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  from a cookie by #1935 .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  return a locale from a class .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  generate the megam megam library for the given binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from a bootstrap delay .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system operating system and the user error .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  define a function that wraps the given function .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test that we find the notation with .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value to a string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  return the message msg .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the message and returns a list of message objects .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list to a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  order all the elements that are not in the dependents .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to pull source files from source .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  adds a class to the module class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  wrapper around proxy .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recursively resolve units into collection .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  plot a wtforms .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a message containing the given address and send an email from a given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return all descendants of graph g in source .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  prints the results of a given row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  returns the standard html message id for a jsonrpc code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data with the same name .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that the command provided is not equal .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  this function is used to make an api call in templates .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a route table name and a route id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  this function is designed to determine if a resources from a package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check if the provided key is a valid string or not .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  wrapper around asint .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  gets the template with the given obj and user name .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  attempts to parse an http date format from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  convert an integer from network or integer to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a problem and a problem of all its state .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check all activities for a logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() of a method using the descriptor object .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a vm to be associated with the state specified .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function that maps the given argument and the arguments to a list of positional types .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the names of all models for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an image of the given features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  handle epochs navigation onclick .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove key from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the source code string .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  split the indentation of indentation in a text file .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in radiants to integer .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator function can be used as an args through a given validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water - restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns the metadata from the data file as json .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  checks if this is an empty string .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  asset asset page .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  print out a table of the groups and the groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a new page under the given language .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get the bracket equation .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic thermostat .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalize a line endings .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing children of node that satisfy the given primary key .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  recursively collects a clean up all files of a given zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  create an encoding map from a dictionary of encoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential palette from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a list of module names of all modules in the given module tree .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  contextmanager to return a list of containers that are matching containers in any state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean of .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the unreviewed/featuredaddon attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make plot if it doesnt exist .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  get apps .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a source from source to destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop data into a square image with the specified location .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update the timeline of the given doc .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a file or load a list of results .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find a system plugins in the given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves a general variable stored in the the equation .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of filter names of the project and a list of objects .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if an object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  generate a multivariate normal frequencies with the same covariance matrix .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  create a decorator for a single object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a new request to be sent and send an ssh request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using #1145 .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar spline from kumaraswamy .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the port mapper object for an instance .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a package in jumpserver .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  convert a polynomial object to size .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values has more than or equal to the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  asserts that all emails of the queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a the jacket container from a hard container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the substring is a html string .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display all private networks .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as masquerading .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a server-side response for a bokeh response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the eip helper function is well .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  decorate a function to invoke dicts .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a string and a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a child shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  coerce input to angle for rotation by angle .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  return working version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a function that parses the given addon to a global word .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  create a symbolic link with a given name .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return detail ready for an exception for the given uncaught exception if uncaught is not a string .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fill the gcode file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  turn a dictionary of everything into a single string .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct a server-side page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a remote execution .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join path tokens together similar to osp .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova function to be used in choice .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  docstring for blas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start job jobs .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the rest server notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the graphite .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  parse a c and return a lines of expected and the expected string .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of states available in the system .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that decorate methods that happen .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  create a new tag with a list of automatically and no arguments .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  format a format format type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow testing of course blocks to ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test extra summary of random data in model .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  apphook a new .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern of a pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  rename all sequences in a column .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the precomputed rule is inside the query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager which changes the correct translation .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an answer message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format the input state object into a file .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a namedtuple of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a string search engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  set the current target module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates the next clauses for ob .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query to an album .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  returns a list of glob glob from the given patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get all subj for a certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  retrieve all assets available in the system .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  potentially inbound function for extra class .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the specified executable of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  returns the cached data for a resource .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is testing in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  run a single command on a remote host .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copies the file path to another bucket and removes it from the bucket path .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  make a serverdescription from a raw query response .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a top level of the current host .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list and extract a list of volumes .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the description of the file .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the message of this script .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  return the service sample properties .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a process is running in the given pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function to retry and suppress functions .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if functions are traversed in the last in the platforms .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  when a django user is not implemented .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple way of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  convert a list of fully-qualified variables to a list of support .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method for cook geos path and acquire the values passed into a file .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the request index for the given response .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  get a dict of all an element by its id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  walk a wsgi tool by a combination of app and apply tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  test settext .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric server .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  mark a task has been requested .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  loads the attributes of a unresolved library .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi ips .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  this read an element from a list of arguments for a namespace spanning the following one .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  multiply two numpy arrays dont contain zeroes .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt 2 cipher .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  ordered view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if github exists in github request specified .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to look up the grains from an already .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper for common parse actions .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  helper function to serialize dict with keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the value of a specified mode .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to wait for grains .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the full description of a schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a weighted density of x and plot a time x .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string of the menu with the specified type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples per data point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  categorical categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a python module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template from a series of template tags .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the elements of the src and the dest .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests the api endpoint for a single user .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push throughput of the given sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete info from an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  pass in one or more grains and return them if not already present .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  adjust a class decorator to use a certain method of %s .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this function takes a list of best keys in an environment .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the id of the reference to the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  like :func:operator but behaves with a good name: + .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task object for consumption in tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete all the text from the cursor to the cursor .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  a decorator for getting func information .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  set the limit of the objects using the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for a given field .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of the string node in a set .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses preprocesses as input .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin builds from the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin builds .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute a simple training of paramaters macros .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the weights for all current context .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping the nick .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add a function to the default logic .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  get a javascript string for the javascript and prefix: compatibility .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  generates a databases and returns the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a string to a binary string .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  roll is the param on the word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  if you takes a readme path and returns a list that is available .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  list table options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  table from a set of table objects .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a list of the names of the current locale .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get pillar loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the output of the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class new-style new-style new-style class new-style .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the minions data from the minion .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load the letsencrypt-auto from a data store .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command and throws an exception if it fails .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns true if the expression is in the sympy expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  extracts and returns a string from the config object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  determine if the specified route is in the remote route .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a slice that slicestruct apply to the given value .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the log message to log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  convert a tag name from a list of pairs; values .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a path to a list of files in path .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  determines if a certificate is a san .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns the status of a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  elementwise log-softmax function .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parse a string to an if-range document .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test error messages .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update collections .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from a users personal library .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  the most sql query groups .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes removes and newline uses the hosts from the port or an authorized .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get meta for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to cache file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  returns the argument name of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert the text if possible .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  generator that returns an iterator over the socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to a binary string .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  determines whether we can add an admin site to an admin action .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  get the edxnotes client id for the google api client .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that lex are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a native object for matching with a query .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the overriding __getitem__ function for elemwise_kl() .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  format datetime object as an http date .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  exception and restore the context manager .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas parent with the specified name .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a patched function .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  this function is a helper function to calculate the linear root of the state function trainsvm_feature() .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  complete a authentication with a given headers .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  returns the first time of the traffic .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the current directory of the named package cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure a resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email rendering text .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if the ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get all lines for a given ending file .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  erase the epoll() reactor .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for use in a directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  factory function for common counterparts and cache of configuration defaults .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  internal helper function used to check if a string or contains ascii encoding .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the cluster sequence of a sequence of integers or an ellipsis .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  encode a url safe to a slightly url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python source space .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if the given request is before the session .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  compare two floats of least expected and that are within a inclusion_one_param_from_template error .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  find a file or directory that matches a given source file .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from diff of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve all project groups for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  ctr spatial filter for elastic class based on axis order .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the format and run the normal command .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns the url of the temporary tree .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  which at which hosts are created to the given throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns tsv representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup all of the command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new view for the decorated function for absolute http request .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the pages and published .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an item cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used by the fm_max to convert the files and a list of sequences to the files in a cluster .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the module if it is already in the name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  get a list of roles from permission to .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a list of releases that match a single episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary without shipping method - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  return a boundaries which can be used to find the boundaries in a boundaries .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a list of two fastq records for testfiles and send_message with histogram data .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket email address .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return the unique elements of x .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  check if w is a ratio of w .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the string for the current python object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list of event event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a list of the locales found in the language .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns multiple option for the given option to the specified select .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  given a module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  logs a single line of the ch command line .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  list all degree of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the parsed options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure the default .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content version for the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  this function takes a series of docs and randomly referenced in a series of each appearance in the series of the series .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a users job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  this function returns the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  loads and returns parameters .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator for methods .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in the cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour of the first element of the series is farther than three times .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read a 32-bit byte string from the given fo with the given encoding and the filetype .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents of a paste paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides standard html string representation of a frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add to an unordered list of all handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  set the liveaction into the latest mounting compatible dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading the student in the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return an error response object for an http response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a new review request .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  construct the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  print a list of all the columns that will be installed .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the mask of the current channel mask .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  use the zfs and try to check the images of the images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media descriptors .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  try to make an image .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see create table dropped .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that handles the raw password of reset .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  tries to find a point in a sequence of numbers .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename a combined in the list of resource .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert a cluster size in vcenter into a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  check that we can fit a single fit in an fit .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  return the arithmetic log xmin at the top of the graph .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns value of candidates .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : testlist_multi for : testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  return the base64-encoded string from a python code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just check_duplicates for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if one exists .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  package -> str associated with a course_id .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the parameter from a function name from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if a command using hashed password according to hashed .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set up to filter to multiple decoded cookies .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  format the recursive refs for the given refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to redirect to each response .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a file .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  turn a list of pairs into a single string .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like spellchecker .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple of the current context .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts a template string as a file representing a string .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of the string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  an instance of the an error code for the application index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  create a opt parser to make the command parser .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generates a generator that will return a character at different position .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a signature-matching decorator factory that adds a given field to a function and applies it on the given field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  recursive function to index a document to index : .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative color to linux distribution .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a fasta_label: list of join instances .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert a seconds string to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : run newline | list newline | new newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to int .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is a is a is a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add v2 v2 url to v2 .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc file and return fiff tree .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  adds the operations and returns a tuple of identifier .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile everything .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the named vm .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a directory where you have to use of the network .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the specified user .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  dynamically generate a single test label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  make the minimal minimal instance .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  copy the provided master to the request .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  mulrowscaler test objective function .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  prints the first mandatory key and returns a tuple of numbers .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  ensure that the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  transforms all key/value pairs in a dict to a key/value pairs .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan a certain scan of json .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  return a path where the first element is in the symbol .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the number of calc in the alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  given the most common data type of a field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present to python structure .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  preprocesses the given image flow using the softmax .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger an event .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create an ssh tar and prepare it to the junos device .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  this sets x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  initialize the module .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the layer object according to the given fraction .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a python source string with python code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  reads a neural network using random data gz' .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns an 128-bit version of pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split the module name into a dict .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  decorate function logic copying comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that starts at a extracts token .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  quick test of mininet examples .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label to a string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple sub at the length of the string .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove an existing service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the average communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  add a default object to an object and pass it to each object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return root of an image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  basic bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  transform the games url into a list of games tuples .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the version string for the given version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  create a value of the given clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the list of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a curve from an object .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create a 2d numpy array of data from a file .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a series of the description of a description of a description function sections for passing in sos format .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read markup from the given maps maps to *value* .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue #1919 .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city for a city .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  split sequence into a string .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry in the cache for the given point .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know know for a given virtual .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of stored keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns a dictionary where the first element in a recursive .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  delete a cluster from the cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a rstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  return the map of tag for given tag .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost of the virtual host is absent name of the virtual host to remove .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  sign a sparseblockouter .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  get all the kb requests for a particular list .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  a keystone unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open or launch a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return the a record for domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  decode binhexed file into bti file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format the national number for the specified carrier .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  zoneminder a string comparison .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  set the global capabilities for the given settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yield all c{h1} chunks from the given message .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is of confvar .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of the keystr function .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  returns true if the current server is a system connect as an iterable .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  turn a boto3 equations into a string of the acks checks .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if the last item of empty strings is loaded .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  returns the approximate representation of an object .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the deployment_config_file notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes the list of weighted graph .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  constant_expression : pointer direct_abstract_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a #rrggbb string to the native tuple .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the specified name .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts a string into an getter code .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a utility function to decide the common way from a list of mapping .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  back a model .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  decorator for executable file filename .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding > that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create a linear cookie object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure we can attributes to show .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates packets templates according to pep crud application-defined .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test recovery sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  return true .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference domain object from db .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  find the induced nodes of g in a graph .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  setup a string representation of the bank .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse the connection to the description of a dict .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format file object for file .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of html instructions .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of running jobs .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create custom metric level directory .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to track which methods are used to track a function of the example decorator .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  check a single field name and output its ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  find a given path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  configure the data for a dictionary of model .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run all of the latest tab in the model .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  position to the server .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  clone manylinux .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  returns a random item of final vectors .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  if the provided bucket name is not a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a given key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial gcd using repeated fields in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this function performs the topic on a topic channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the given site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  be an unpickled plugin of the plugins .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of :class:path objects .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  handles elasticsearch wrapper scripts .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink of a theano tensortype variable x : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  returns the class="noinclude"> counter .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that normal basic numbers always return a numpy array with the approximation approximation .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a given array .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  iterates over a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new python server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the updater component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder case of a default case file .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get client headers for a given user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top rated of the services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #444 .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal principal .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load the loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores a file in the correct directory and writes it to another queue .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  loads a list of synced .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  change the elems for each feature in an sqlalchemy expression .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find the completion for objects that are not part of the given objects .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named expression group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  get the detailed manually of all image .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test installing the compiler compiler for compilation .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a random string of a given string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters with slashes .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  reorder the input data into a multivariate group of int64 .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  fill the inset file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders the response handler for a multiscope response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  knowledge category view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  connect a new l{iopump} and connect to each server .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore path into two subsets .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> string return the result in the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  submit the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml element .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  automates automates dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return elements of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates the absolute reverse for reverse reverse callable .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  display the repository contains the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display the login class .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  a replacement for maxima .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  groupsum hac robust covariance matrix assumes hac have a given covariance matrix parameters time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates all kippt .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  fid_list - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  requests a form .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output without a stream .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  quick utility for a source file to transform .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may not be passed in the shell-like divide .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  setup a sequence of objects .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  use the given table to filter pipeline .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  computes standard normal assumes definite is 1d .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  use the nl api to expand a counter to each string in a repeatable format .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns the manifest to generate in a tar file .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  enable/disable a site site to be enabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer preferences .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  helper function for unpickling users table based on a utc key .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  synchronize all the data in the document which contains .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return a string version of the uri in the given string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack filename to zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  returns the version string for the newest sdk .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type correctly allows a not match .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to submit if the step is a step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a creates a naive action .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method loads the current time from the standard format to the unix disk format .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize the current machine .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar url for iis email address .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  set a default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  when a rule is simple log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  check if the mock as running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  called by the servicetester in a control-n file for the specified field of all fields .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a string or as a list of dicts .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a kernel from the filename .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns whether the request is logged in cookie mode .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  get a list of available families .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  use the win32 to start the pam tests .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd key .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order from column names .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %%prun with ipython syntaxerror .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the keys cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function decorator for notify the group_membership node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  return a path in a platform-neutral .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check the group and branches according to the branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the user has complete access to course context .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  returns a string that identifies the given python string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate the code and zip blocks in the docstring .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key for a container .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  visits all the keys of d1 and d2 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function is needed to fix input array so that it is exactly the correct value of the input array .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  generic shadowimage .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  def all service must be valid .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or a valid iterator .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order homogeneous differential equation with 1st coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to a backward or locator .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the given plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  github issue #1005: a list of columns .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a etags header and etags into a queue .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file and return the result .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a reactor .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read the api log file and return the content .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  configure the celery process .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the file from directory .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test the signature of a signature .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the time when appropriate for year .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the approximate cosine cosine of a complex function .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a metadata dictionary appropriate for the specified viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  objects objects in a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song tool .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with the same dimension .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the model object and set of data to be used in the model to process .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns the smtp activity references for all featured references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  the decorator for geos stub .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  initialize and return a dataset of expired and cache the mtime .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read data as a table with no data .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method returns if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces instances like limit counterpart .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  opens a bug .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline in source space or try to find strings .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convert a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return selected discrete threshold matrix for x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return the disjoint graph for disjoint network .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks the list of enabled generation for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  wrap the query and update results .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the table to show for the given params .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  internal function to get a finder based on the configuration path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users from the minion .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  loads the smallest root of a path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  decode url-encoded strings encoded with their opposite .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns an capitalize(s) free tree from the given port and tensorflow port .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store the value of a configuration section .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  makes a network device .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the certificates are signed up with signed .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme with the given bootstrap .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  tests whether a string is a valid number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the first element of a given boundary .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the offset and end of a segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert an ipv4 to hex string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given file which the directory setting the files in if directory setting is in files .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  checks for an refcounts runner and work .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  decorator to run a requests map .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  simple example of how to write most of the matrix whose relay were that matches the specified dim data .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and retrieve it .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for a list of warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the full path of the current request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed to happen .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a list of salt config options for the specified user .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a llvm double double double value by the llvm llvm .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns system {{0 managers managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert using a circle array with the maximum dim to the last image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  update daily average to the provided average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the architecture of the machine .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distance distribution .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  generate a unique collection of items in the request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the raw token from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the edges in the graph .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split a color into largest and the number of its starting from os .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  only normal values with the value .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if random path does not exist .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of the form .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush has been updated correctly in prune_self_dependency .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into a multinomial form and input expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  returns true if the port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to declare which require an object by a validator function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of x along the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  retrieve the current locale encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a standard normal distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  retrieve github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the flags for this script .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the run half of the most line in the console .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the generators of the most similar functionality .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  create a function that will run a :class: .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a dataset of .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  return the placementgroup id to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  minimal return a string of an ip address .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  returns the oauth response .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a valid country instances for the given country .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  quote url for avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the queryset of unique addon for a given addon and uuid .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test triadic for triadic .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  if the dict of exception .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a transfer object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  attempt to start the grains for the specified pillar .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file path to a file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this vmware environment cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  compute f to a where f in gf(p)[x] and a dictionary of w .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of table strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show version of network .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  adds a view that applies a response to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  in the expression tree form is a sympy expression where x is mapped to the expression of x <= wrt .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  use a model class decorator that applies a function to each key .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  return the network cidr that are non-zero using a list of the network subnet .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  compare two digests .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller - needed to just check_duplicates for map - used by skill .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  returns a list of the remote project instability for the given short_urls .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  3: 3: created by setting the preorder-traverse to .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq without zmq is set .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if necessary .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  utility function to watch a watch .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  display the user from the queue .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  deprecated data using the *items* pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a function to a code object .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get utc date string for the same code .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic tensor .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container specified by the container .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse a string referring to python installation .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check for possible expressions .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  find the pyglet in the given stream .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an items from a list of flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  returns the exploration to get the exploration .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  stop the header in a sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  return tuple of ints from an .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the request object .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  in case of the last item of a namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key to a buffer .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  extract the first rsa key from a number of *typ* .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test hash of evoked .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each line of the list of infiles to each line .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  delete a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  check for missing and count groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse an addon keyword .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all directories on the symlink server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent a char .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  loads an image into a numpy array of features and downscales it .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  ensure that icon get icon for a media .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  return a config object that can be used to call the sys .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  get the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  set mysql collation for the current cursor for the given column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns whether the element with the specified text exists else the list of present in the text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds the string for validation .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check that policy for use high .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the configuration backend that looks at the given backend .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the symmetric integer representation of a binary in the given scope .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the given string with extended entities replaced by a single space .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for a single dimension .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container stats .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  when exception errors are clicked directly .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string to rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories information about repositories .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a view decorator that marks callables not have a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions to view access the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  check if the current user has access to the given api class .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show the details of a tenant cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  add a batch which variable with a new variable in the make .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a dict of averaging partitioned from an open file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks if the given response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  checks for a source change of one instance and str() .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  start namespace in a namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract selected keywords from a given file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the table columns will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test truncate label and truncate an empty dict .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy a collection .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps in anchor_list .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  helper function to get an account from a split on the grammar color-aware .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string value .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the appropriate process of a file .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  test mandatory minifier .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  get the default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  register a single package for the named module to the specific app_name .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test loading htmls report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to decrypt using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  convert a file or a saved wav views .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care in handling the repo_info_tuple as it evolves over time as new tool shed features are introduced .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  debugging print the debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a redirect url string .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  read in local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  hidsums image vertically .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako text as mako .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  wrapper around sorted_list_difference .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape all string for a comma-separated list .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks numpy results and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update and change the value of a certificate in the given site .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  create a low-level client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path for the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  start the next scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape an string so that each string is still new .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a numeric attribute string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return listening_ports pattern .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that will retry if they are not a gevent delay .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set of choices into key/value pairs .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual service instance associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of digits of a given string .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of network size of a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  rfc date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  fetches the feedback form for the current user .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string to a fixed number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  returns a list of tuples of all the data in sx .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the identity pool for a given pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  convert a string into a tuple .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns either the response payload or not .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator for copy_reg to comparison between two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  validate and return the instance policy based on the given image policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  in order to detect an upstart service is disabled in the container .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  delete an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  uninstall a package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  return a dict with the other workers in the worker .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert the ground to png files .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark a value as safe for use in <script> .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate a circle polygon .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this utility function merges the first element of a element .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  parse a file and create the contents of the passed in .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the systems points inside a mime_type table .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  construct an options object prepared .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to replace the given module with the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size in the linux system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return the time the cpu iso integer .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build the scripts .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor command .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove the parameter from the database .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a pickled query string to a python object .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for guided impact assessments .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  simple test for detailed that the example file is validate and that the trailing diff .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  display the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of all ip addresses of the cluster .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  return a llvm llvm at path given in an executable .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all installed locales .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  get a galaxy entity for a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get reference to the vlan with the vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  the approximate search results in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the graph g in tournament graph g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  downloads a file from the web page .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  try to check the module metadata for an authorized module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return the number of characters in a single channel .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a person instance for a person tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload files to a remote host using the selected port .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a single json player entry and converts it to an ordereddict of categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  calculates the hex digits of a series of digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  support function for resolving value from the given multi .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  get the current audio output device identifier .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns the longest mean of given variables .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maximum of the absolute value of the same .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  returns the search rank of a given search .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list from a string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  creates fcrypt dict as provided dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : id .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be used to disable an ssh channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list by configured best locations .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  check for instances of how far for exception has been defined .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds the results of a __doc__ field to an object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a generic volume from a dictionary .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterator over the items of a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  ensures that value is a json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape all the given lists in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the element attribute dictionary to the list .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get the user count of the user .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  try to check the passed fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get a job parameter .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a sparse matrix given a replacement of size n .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  adds a due date if needed for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a new test accepts .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without vispy .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a dictionary representation of an input stream .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  if the proper edit is not found in the view .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  the square root case of a readable topic .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since the quite quite slow is quite slow this version also runs the original function on port .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  create a new message banner with the given banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  adds a scalar if two arrays are equal .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  concatenate the gausswave representation of a point .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  this function will return a sample of n .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable the named sysv service from starting at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return for bookmark of bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a new label exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  call the given function that checks if a repository has a non-gcable attribute value .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  return signal handler if the signal handler is not available .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a thread .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  check if the given node in p1 and 'parent' .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a tuple that has an gsetting .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal density function .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return true if the requester authored the given date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a decorator that implements attribute .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test the representation of a release .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of users in the generic user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a manager for a given engine type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  check if it has identical devices .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert object to a python object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset where the cbook is the version of the line .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  load data from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to querying the data in a file .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the elementwise .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  the http header and sends a view that can be stored in the post .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching the specified keys in glance keys .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar url for a gravatar email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the index of the maximum along an offset .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the new_branch_dir challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears the redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary size in the network device .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator factory that causes a method with a passed lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  the html of the students page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  generate previous file .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  creates a new matrix .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  returns the plugin support .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns true if the class is an abstract method of the given node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  same as str .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the name of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an oauthtoken and sets the token value and scopes from the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  generate a test .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic equation for the given equation .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return an ordered dict of kinds for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  get the value of a network connection list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a random string of random whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the list of all best services that are have been processed to the given service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from a circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for safe and applies it to each line .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  used by marking that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete file from a file-like object .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  helper function to convert a dictionary of image instances to a list of dictionaries representing the image params .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  user has .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of all working supported interfaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book and relationships xml element .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  given a string .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful where clause and application/x-download are stored .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls when an entry is saved .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a wheel using "pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper method to get a dictionary of sharejs key .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  for creating a new post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs signature against an rsa request uri .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the top-lebel top-lebel for the given app_name .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create and initialize a temporary file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering will return events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  finds an xml stack trace .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator defining a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all networks by instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the sqlite class for a given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained in an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the gateway sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  basic operation when a string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that returns a list of config options for a user .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state and changes to slaves proxy process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  converts a given value into a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  convert the data to a binary data file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the token url to the request token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary and returns all the values converted to a dictionary .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the name of a column in the database .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  converts a bytes string to a bytes object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a cache of the datadir .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates a url by its children it to the network_acl_id .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create configuration for the specified configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the local django server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the current axes clustering the specified clustering .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  helper function to concatenate the data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  given an instance of a class name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns true or false if the solution does not have a _sa_instrument_role-decorated b*a; .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simulates a login from the login a new remote machine .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a signal to the nearest file .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  makes sure that all system build and system is present .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  creates a diagonal array from the given interval .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute edge boundary of a graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running under https .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  ensure the qiime config file with qiime if not changed the qiime fails to run the qiime variable .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that an empty string with a encoding declaration .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch a google public key from a local file .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get an arc loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view function to allow you might use for authenticated confirmation page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert from rest to a text containing the current interface .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to determine if the class is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  subtract polynomials in k[x] .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  function to approximate gamma skewness .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape the first one in a template .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  generate algorithm for shortest such that the install are signed .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball in the given path to the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of schemas of schemas in schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return the line with the message tree .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test module for use in the given list of files .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  find metadata from instance_type for an instance .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  update email preferences for the given recipients .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  split an iterable of strings into a single string and splits it to a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of constructor from a given runner module .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor or variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for mapping functions to identical context .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only work on freebsd and when running on freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  returns the results of the adapted classes in the given module .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease mac address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the string art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an ip address string to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict with the current settings .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a possible version of possible by possible velocity .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  return a secure path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  call the symlink on the installed directory .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns the path to the scripts of this script .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  try to discover the size of a datetime .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  get current time .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  testing central .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture which returns a valid temporary directory path which is available .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a string to a hex string if small enough root is given .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return the list of slot of the process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse an integer according to a string .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by status .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the data -> unencoded data .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  convert days to complex usage .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for each model in the queue with a list of models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the python path from the sanitized datastore .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert port port port into matplotlib reference .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if the request is a whitelist request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  render a template and a template with context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test end to end .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers using logistic regression .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of the given root .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return an lc_messages page to a resource .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  list the keys available to a vmware environment .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  populate dns .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check whether an input date matches the given date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the file filename is a header comment .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the splunk_search module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a helper for a field to a descriptor object .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  show the rate of the user .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  move to a widget on the profile .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale and validate the image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  get | advancedsubtensor object for : ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return a function top string .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict of data into the inventory dictionary .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  fill the inset file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  prints the given string to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  delete a repository .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a postgresql ip address to a rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job job id .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  get the location if the first word is in the first word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a piece of bytes .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test reserved source code which contains a duplicate code .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  for localpart .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the known ordering of directed .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack the order of the archive filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  default sleep for calls to use .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares two standard deviation with the same frame from getrsq .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display a message dialog .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  resets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm squared .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  returns the value of a given option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options turned on by switch if needed .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy boolean array to a numpy array of data .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a single container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory in the model .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  produces the input string and return the prefix for the input input .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount access to a location in the location file .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the path for the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the long description of an post description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a sqlite sqlite connection and regex type for the db .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string a binary string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator to iterate over lexicographic n nodes .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost dominating in the graph .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate a sample from the data .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns the uniform distribution function that returns a uniform distribution .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the release group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a dict with a given host and port .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  imports modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the bayesian information seems to the correct distribution .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  create two kindofgarch process parameters ar : array_like residual process object : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove explicit zeros from a text file with a trailing line names and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student and enroll of a student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  returns a list of forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return the content of a given path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  splits a sequence into a list of sequences .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  attempt to return true if the given command is a valid command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  adds given comments to list of parent in parent after flagging .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return the total number of rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all global namespaces for this deployment .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  check the conda conda of fetched and the *exc* installation .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake configuration locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  common register url for all available admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return stats using a single plot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill the python source file to json_content_type if still be found .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the authentication string to be used in detached and errors .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  convert an address representation of a valid ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  adds multiple blank strings to a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  reinstall a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates that the given data contains * for reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  set environment mode for test cases .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate the weighted magnitude between the choices of choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get an aws sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an qubit string to a tuple .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow the regexp back to python code .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a file reference to the history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  recursively processes a template parameter macro dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry builds the dry report .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build image or *log(x)* .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces whitespace characters with a single space .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find all objects in a dataset .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  get a list of all words separated by the filters .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate an input string as an rfc 2822 validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fix break-point with a report which should not raise a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  nicer wrapper for unsetting .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the object for the given class .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get hostname from show cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  adds a url to the applescript .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a value is plotly and wont are plotly .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  parameter linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split the nodes into a tree of nodes in {attached: .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a dict of categories to be used categories and categories back to the specified database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in html characters .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  provide data to a gaussian data store .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all users that are not divisible by the given user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtual machine exists in the htpasswd cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert python object into a string for debug .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository for the given trans type select an option types .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  computes the polygamma integral of x n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  return the results of the stub associated with the host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new container cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a time in the given register to micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  try to return all instances of a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a nice bit of n and numbers .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  create and call a function using a method in a sequence .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an instance method .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the tree when expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler showing list of available projects .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  map a as: as: in a repository .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  verifies that the cli manager and returns the nodes of all colors in the ui .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a 2d tensor into a flat key .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a html format function to a string that can be used with a roots format .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  finds a vpc id} module in the with the given name and the supplied id .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from a given message .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  ensure that the parameter in scale value is an empty interpolation .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a figure and add it to the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the list of all available results .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read a bunch of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  delete the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  called when using pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all available partitioned boundary .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return path without leading unix socket .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check the recipient of the given executable using no infront .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a default model for interacting with an mongoworker model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list all roles assigned to a particular selinux : string role name cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  get the javascript code of the current language .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the distance between the corrmat mean .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get the class of a test file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  ensures that a certain 3-tuple: class is present when the class is reserved .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a list of available pull request header objects .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content and encrypts it into >= password .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  return a list of nonisomporphic .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  utility function that takes an extension of type extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the output of a volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return a sorted list of the first answer codes .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  create and create a actual schema .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  generates the compiler via the given source file .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  function for uses notification with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  list the installed config files .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds the task to the predicted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the python object representing the supplied configuration .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  always return an integer .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  process the password page .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  support -> value restricted python 2 .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  gives the display value for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  find a great .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the manager entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command and run it .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for interpolate_tuple .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  test that the editor are not passed .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  get default bucket for use in configuring bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the create square root element .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test reconstruction function .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints a file messages to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  helps of operator w/ epochs using source localization .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  create a byte string representing a positive integer according to the ith byte array .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the given secret dict of parameter names .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  provides the current user id for a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  adds a comment to comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an absolute path to a resource name .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an optional which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema in which to create a user .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  makes a wsgi application that colorizes the request .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  returns a new .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  smoke explicit segments with explicit concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set a value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label for video .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  remove urls .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis instance .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  take a list of tuples and **kwargs them .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  return a list of human-readable fields for the resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method of a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the cache for caching block structures .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  job id of a salt job jid config by a salt job id .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split symbol into symbol for future data .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  unless unless the same bypass as a couple object: .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back to place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test fit sample routine with ros sample .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return the string obtained by the given pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a driver graph d from a h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure that either a simple error is not support .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a 404 with a syntactically message .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the systems or system dialog .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  windowview: windowview: .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load a private key file and return the base64 encoded key as a string .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  verify that the user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download notification view .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if the checker looks like it may be found .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and create a config file and parses config file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  standard way to create a framed .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  display a list of the catalogs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra session .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the footnotes and return the result of the footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade a setuptools against a setuptools server .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index type .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  given an ipv4 address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  return true if there is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom models must not put be true .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  find the parameter name and return a tuple of it .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by the extension .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  validate a string or ipv6 this is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a list of social methods .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  determine if the named value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy a file or directory if it does not exist .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  gets the config directory of the log file at the specified log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the current session to the given response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  received received and with a url in the file .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for the login to become login and invoke it in .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  returns the known_hosts dataset for metadata .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test that use connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list all files under saltenv .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a graph of length file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file case case to the database .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function object .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the line symbol into two binary polynomials in a post-order graph p1 and p1 poly units .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform of f .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd place .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  try to convert the input size to any fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the edge coefficient of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns a list of plural that do the actual multistring .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns 3 with kernel position of d1 .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  parse expected rewrite .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  get a list of current bus number from the current bus or option .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the exponential dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  normal process to notifies a thread .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the installed diff of changed files .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples in a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against all pairs of all pairs parameters nm : int .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  received the followers of the word .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change security security group .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  convert a string in rfc 3339 format to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that adds default apps to the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  get the problem_weighted_score_changed of the users dashboard for an existing section .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that value is a string argument and return a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through a search query .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers an image handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  registers a number of containers in a temporary state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return the line graph for each line .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the directory path .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  lists all the sql statements .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a list of unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  get a list from a slug .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  clean an http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  convert an array of compatible ids to a new one .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice attribute dictionary and element value .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set a specific computenode entry by a everyday series .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  makes the input given by the request .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type access for project by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return the getcfs key for a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  search for existence of extension instances .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  solve solve two float arrays using the previously logged in > and o .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns a replacement for failed in the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the approximate function simply we properly in the same way as the presentation implementation .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the path to the directory of this project .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the current session to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  approximate the sequence according to the values in a dictionary .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a randomly generated random game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns a vlan to be used in a vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most recent options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check that a file is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a python string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory of this script .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  get the list of tuples to be used for calling keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  picks for vcr .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that converts a boto3 depends on the specified depends .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze the setuptools binary .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class instance .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  poll poll status until stopped .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  translates a policy written in the policy language into a tuple of check objects .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  constructs a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the version of the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return true if *obj* wants to be a new-style interface .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a link .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  displays a list of pairs .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  asset asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  set up the global c{zope .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator for skipping test classes in lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  returns the number of server handled when a server status is none .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the grain modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  return the diff of the registered subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same type as sorted_list_difference .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  return the langage language for the language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  doji star .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event for event use in {}} .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  return a set of tuples .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the configuration to a file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the list of files .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the implementation .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  install and return a new instance types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a function in a subprocess .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates the specified subnet quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the profile file filename for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the partition class from the minion .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached timezone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if the request is not viewdefaults .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function used to exit with a protobuf .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  display a plain text .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the progress attribute of the entity .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check that translation files are not using log .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  get a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  dispatch from the metadata or file objects in the given objects .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  this function is used to calculate the test color by :meth:~matplotlib in the eigen .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  expect a logic .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write input in combination to document .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply a forward to each of the data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  set development/testing/demo metadata for any gradient for sigma_hat .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the sum of a given variable along a given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create a widget for the admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a file size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to a gluster volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts polynomial literals .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this method checks if the given words is a default implementation for other than one .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  helper function for printing unicode values .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of layers for a service cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  point-wise partial regression is less sensitive for violin models this function is to turn in violin or entering a scale concatenated concatenated concatenated .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  recursively update the dict in nested dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve course cohorts query for a course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  simple weighted sum of the frequency distribution .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use during the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds media instance to media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper to morph .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test installing a package using local setup with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the end of the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string into multiple code() .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve a document that may contain all pending xrefs node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  standard write message to stderr .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create a directory for the root package .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance playback instance id from media by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two entries of a collection of two entries into a list of entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name and a private namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  report unique path to file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  return a multidict of the country .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  ensure the specified cron user is absent name the unique to remove user to remove mask .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get the class expected from a frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  check a iers value .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  search list of details for a space .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line and options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  used to regenerate the directory for a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the ada1 script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  this function calls app_reverse() .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  returns absolute path to the default user .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip by pool .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path of the file data .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a new interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a complete application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  give the user model .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write the fill file interpretation .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of values in the given iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write idle tweets to csv files in csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update a quota allocated to a project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  xunit-style xunit-style function .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write mapping checkpoint data to a checkpoint directory .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  take strings of timeseries .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the value of the pathitems at the given offset .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for an aws service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least one serialize .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the expression tree of the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  filters all resources for the path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test media plugin ordering .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  method to generate beautifulsoup object for locations that are local always returns and false .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  calculate the labels between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys are valid .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new instance volume cache entry in the cache .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  returns a triple that ipythons characters .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster from the postgres server .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving a file system .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  converts a += to a and b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a command in a python filesystem and wait for it to a temporary directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  given a sequence of results .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns and submissions *num_submissions* file .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  sort two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a dict describing specific feeds .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run an entry under the cache .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a given axis .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  convert a string to a lowercase .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the all the rows from url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert a raw by" string into an expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  delete an item from the removes post .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  return a list of dictionaries of mapping files to the provided table .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  extract the function plugin plugin tuple from the state file .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the current subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an ignored or specification is a in the local region .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta with beta log .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  add common parse common parse common element in path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  remove a wsgi intercept for the wsgi server .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a file name .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  computes the length of the widget .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detects if the code is running in gce mode .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the executive application and install for the given project .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates the value of a given auth .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a way or a newly newly modified version of away away from a given mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value that can be used as a number .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle scaling return the current thread .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project with runtime .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  try to match the given filename based on the given filename .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decode a string encoded to unicode .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing and activate them with a shell shell .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a single text using simple xml tag .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns a relative url for a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate a sphinx version for sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  used by crc-32c .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of version number currently being used and whether or not a package .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set mkdir to use a directory on the container path cli example: .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure an option is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the n-1 from a container .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  return the gauss-hermite for a given list of cyclic .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  calculate the kinetic of the logistic energy .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generates a given source file for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that will set the default app as well .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  section a section for a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  checks whether obj is a string or string-like object .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  sends the device information for an instance page@require .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve varchar .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key access id from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top expansion of the linear interpolation function .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the container name container name or id if the container is not found .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data for the top minion .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run command with lazy process .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  dont display of the actual signal handler .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  return the backup of the backup of the given backup .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the scenario .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calls the reactor and return a result if that will be active .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a worker that uses it to create a pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: list network node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns the primary key for a model class with the given string .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  wrap the creation of the templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  this function computes the standard deviation for an array of percentiles .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check all taskdef values of the course that have been published this ccx and updates the response .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse of f(s) over threshold .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set css attributes of css c{command} with specified css css .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a substitution of the first brightness units to a weighted one .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class or a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color by palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create a new file descriptor .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  get an icosahedral ico object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if the given plugin has a type and save it to the restart plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  detailed available modules and update the list of available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to use with a mask or mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the interquartile in the alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a pyparsing .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert an xml string into a human readable string .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  checks whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  return the longest common multiple" of a password .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a test .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data unless it is specified .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  method used to setraw .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a simple graph of the given node .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a formatted decimal number .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split the list of tensors to a comma-separated list of floats .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a randomly pmap object for a given field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  copy a repository to the bokeh directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  prints the request keys as a specified key .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  cram if the text appears to be generated by a maximum of characters .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  builds a simple provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  format/beautify a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of hqe percentage for this percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a list of top traversal for the given document .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the result of a range of .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  do not contain 'ls' .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the given path .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a :jenkins-wiki:jdepend and tail parameters data : array_like .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip test if svd is not a test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  get an base64-encoded keys of a given key and a dict of values .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears caches for internal writeable jobs .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random alphanumeric random alphanumeric characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised while the current exception class .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it if it fails .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all files in the given directory .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a class path and a class path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  converts an input string to a constant object .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least a wrong sparse matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a directed_random node for a directed graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the install metadata for a linked package in a prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax configuration .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path of the directory of the script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get a string identifying the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the email group maps to the change group .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check if obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  helper to generate an initialized color for the given prime .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a set of mount k can be a single more_excluded_names: .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon string representing the number of bytes required by flooring .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title into a string and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  change a new subset of microseconds and converts it into a multinomial form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create the entire directory and all its contents .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the list of organisations a given datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  open an action to the given parent .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list of collections for the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv files in the csv csv file at a given row .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for digitalocean configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take a generated system compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts a single key-value id from an http segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on root logging by root mode .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  convert a list of strings to a list of key .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads item from file specified by path and return it .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  determines whether the given package name is currently configured .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain a lock from the first set of ids .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version of the latest non-rc .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fix an object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  returns the basic app object from the app identity in an app error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load a class from the given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a transaction and write the result in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use in views .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from the system .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  helper function to decode json so that it is not use json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string representation of the value from the cached dictionary .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  delete an disinherit from the given object args: name : the name of the corresponding zone that is to the device .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string into a valid url .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  rejection report about the requested cspreport report .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are not log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  downloads an input worker to a new one that will reset some or more outstanding .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of a pathname .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  return a formatted mirror list from a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  compare two arrays .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  check if hadoop is present and the system is present .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for a user .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string to a list of triples or a list for inclusion in the returned game .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a dict-like offset object from a passed item .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility from the xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns an iterator over all of the filenames from filename .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return information about all arrays in the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and after vbd .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  returns an format that can be used with the given format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message storage on the page that the given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids objects .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  extracts the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of the mapping of a list of numbers .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a cluster object for a vcenter .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  wrapper for patched version .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors }} field }} .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  register a function for registering default .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  determine whether a string represents a list .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  extract ipv4 address embedded in 6to4 address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  creates a server-server url for a service .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a random string of random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the slice of input object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to the url to the provided url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  perform a batch of indices needed for batch of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  kivy tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  runs the command and returns the output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part for the url .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  converts url to python root url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate an attribute should load using its default loader style .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all available []mod files found under the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the sanity check .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return the symmetric log in the newest system .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  get the metering options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get the list of all transitive namespaces from a graph container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert names of inputs into a plain row .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  return uniform filter along the given axis .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  transforms arrays into a new set of arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given [lower .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  return the html link to the desired page .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image or a source file to a standard image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

