test:  return a pad of sample_id_map from a list of loaded classes .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  resolves the fully set of all the supplied keys .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  show   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart data source from existing dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach a total total voters counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add a theming to the theme system .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  try to guess the autoescape that it can be opened as a template string .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path to a list of paths .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  open a file in the given directory with the given name .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  get   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deletes a policy from the specified users vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get grid grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get and write a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  does a screenshot have a postfix for each step in the step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  step   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program and return the program for each tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  run   apps
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background exam .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this test runner .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date string of a string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to a beaker path given a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  returns a generator of lists of nodes in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  find the user and return the group of a group .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  process   process

test:  creates a list off and a list of the current image .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  if   product
truth:  set   a

test:  returns a bytestring version of the string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for white on white .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given register location .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices in the tree of the given tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  disables a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   tests
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix timeout to make text easier .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  take a keyword string and splits it into a list of articles .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run a command in a container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   a
truth:  null   logic

test:  return an absolute file url based on a file path .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   graph
truth:  return   a

test:  convert great exception in http 400 response to http log .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  request   request

test:  will take the windows slice of seconds from the main slice of seconds .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  evaluate estimator on each input .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a classical binary crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  reverses the elements of a sequence .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get a list of pids of a particular object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a left and return its left .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a dictionary of or a list of patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  convert   build
truth:  build   a

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to task time slot slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  if   null
truth:  start   start

test:  from the fast_reader tuple .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  returns an integration manager that is not needed to make it usable from the mercurial database .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find specific request value .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a wrapper for the stop/disable/activate matching the options dict .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   create
truth:  defines   null

test:  check that a pr is supported by a string .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers in haproxy backend .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   server
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  attempt to walk a given path and extract all python files in the given directory .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  list   a
truth:  go   null

test:  return an md5 hash of a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  matched matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a system linear differential equations .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs the first variable passed in a list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  write a unusable password in the datastore .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  use   user
truth:  null   login

test:  compute polynomial norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts arrays along a given feature to a commit matrix .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume volume volume volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   compute
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a list of converts a string into a lambda function of the same action in the passed in order .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  test packagefinder prefers options .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  null   in
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  computes the interquartile range of an array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  return   activation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  merge two dictionaries of inheritance .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  list   compare
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed as the destination for the given destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  set   set
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of bytes into a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  from a shutdown thread and shutdown them into the parameters from root .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get a single version of the module name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  module   version
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay is automatically after a system has expired before the system is shut down .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  abort   null
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  generate prio sorted sequence .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deployer start a deployment in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup data .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path to the given action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  skip a processor to access an api endpoint .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   api

test:  download a development application .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  download   astropy
truth:  run   run

test:  set the vocabulary .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  stores   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  look up a system path for a given parent directory .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if the given slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in a function and dictionary arguments a single index .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display the bridge of the device associated with the given device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  create   return
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that an object is not a certain attribute of the specified object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  set   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  a dominating set of _lazylock with respect to the expected start element .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects by name .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns an httpresponse that can have the given section in the vertical section in the given section for the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a scheduled term on the managed server .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  called when a directory is monitored by the current python module .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  to   list
truth:  null   null

test:  set window for the permission urls .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   unicode
truth:  set   x

test:  given a partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get the value of a buttons from the name and a deferred .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns a list of the fragments for a given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump a list of hadoop to the output files .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  create a dynamic form of a model class and construct it .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  form   form

test:  converts the file path to a folder if it doesnt exist .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all routes .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if specified port is a valid port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of floyd addresses that are floyd .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a file format and returns a dictionary of python objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  output   ports
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  make a is_type from a scalar or scalar .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  given   nodes
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  private method used to get a account .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  take   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a call to a function .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the user model instance .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   email
truth:  look   up

test:  calls qualifier .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  get   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a legend in grains .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  create   pylint
truth:  function   function

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  displays the modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  null   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a pickle file from file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  use   add
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   remove
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a single index in the currently lot <rdf:li><rdf:description><xmpidq:scheme>url</xmp:idq><rdf:value>url .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  displays   function
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current line number in the database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  upgrades   a
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the diversity of a list of lists of raw front from each of time .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an error message to a handler .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  name   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an existing file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  load   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the default list of strings .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate urls in group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   a

test:  generates an in-memory in-memory path for a given path .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  extract all dependencies of a target class .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that the collection in the collection are the given collection ids .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  check   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever within single quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a task object .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a timezone-aware timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a graph of nodes from the given source to a graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns equation for rectangular polar .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a minion .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a double-precision .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  serialize   parse
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default config argument .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  render   override
truth:  override   override

test:  construct a galaxy instance of a server .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  uninstall editable from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  return the number of patterns that are in the specified number .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  sort   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages in the remote database cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the monte indeed for a hierarchically distribution .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_grains to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   sync
truth:  sync   sync

test:  call to wrap multiple configured traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   callable
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize a node .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns disqus id for given object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  factory function that returns a string .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   new
truth:  to   null

test:  wrapper for numpy .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  return   list
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the currently active language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  open the trial trial device and return .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  list   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a function to wrap a callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   authentication
truth:  null   functools

test:  get an esxi network curve or list of network devices .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  run   run
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live a screenshot for use in the ui ui .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with nulls in the form of their escaped characters .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  insert   insert

test:  progression pickle .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  function   function
truth:  reduce   null

test:  returns the value of the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches for python list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove list-resources .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  removes   version
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  splits a ca list into a normalized line .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  quoted   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper method to check if the topology operator has a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a value using json and returns a unicode string .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   function
truth:  serializes   a

test:  creates a show show details from a show show all the exceptions in a show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all modules that should have all modules .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits until the function supports returned .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a list of xmodule urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email using djangos send_mail functionality .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  have   a
truth:  email   email

test:  returns all servers available to the given directory .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   syntax
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to a float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager to check if given output is set to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates a network acl for the given network .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  features   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the binary value for the given kind as string .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a translated revision in a translated document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate an old facts fact fact to a newer facts dict updated with the fact fact all the facts dict updated with the generated facts dict .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use *data* to use the expected_files hypervisor .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  mutation that the value is the mutant of the mutant .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed versions of the system as a dict:: {<package_name>: cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a set of tagging tagging for a given set of nodes .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert window moments to cumulants as many processlist" .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  converts   product
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a content-type like urllib2 .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  checks if the given content is a valid known_hosts user for the given content user .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that a https link is present .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  if   resolves
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  takes a string with keys of a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  null   update
truth:  persists   new

test:  return an absolute path to a resource in the filesystem .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the file records in the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information on open ports and a return it as a list of snapper .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a dictionary of the entire vector of files .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  given an iterable of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  creates   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a list of tags into a comma-separated string .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  return   new
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove files from the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  calculate binary representation of binary image .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an encoded file and return it .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  map all functions within a template mapping .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  load   return
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a callback to the positional positional arguments .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string of a supported string .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string argument to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  print   print

test:  default idp protocol .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   view
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to get a usable device name .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the average at time at the given sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a html rotation rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  expected   text
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects a full projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  modified   site
truth:  list   site

test:  no_input=true for additional units .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  return the object .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  return   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for the function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  add   add

test:  encodes a unicode string into a series of utf-7 .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  format   multiple
truth:  encode   encode

test:  performs a single image of a numpy image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a video file in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  displays   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request since response is valid .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  returns   units

test:  return the class corresponding to a pentity .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of degrees of items for a given relationship .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test convergence of color(s) .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  sets the current value of a dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the output of obj .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load the scores directory from the given ba file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   control
truth:  return   a

test:  extend /etc/default/networking to set changed in the parent pages .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  select   install
truth:  null   reload

test:  determine the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  use the clickable class implementation in theano to generate a simple theano implementation for both random source .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  get all python data files in the package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the gpus location from the passed vm data .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load variable-size character sequence .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute template statistics for a given set of fields .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all messages in a movie file as a given document .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  report   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator to add tasks in tasks for a given function .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the content-transfer-encoding connection for the current thread .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   find

test:  restart the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the context of a given data type .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  serialize   unicode
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  does   things
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call a function with a threading .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extract migrations from hierarchy in seqids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that user permissions are in the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the admin access url is admin .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time from the date string into a delimiter string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a generator of _normal_ordered_form_factor based on the single graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can point the scenario passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  construct a dictionary of options for a given collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a version string into a tuple that is the returned tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   in
truth:  convert   version

test:  converts an integer to a positive integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view all the default views which contain a given callback .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  endpoint   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts a host string to hex host and hex string .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the output of the command .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  used   return
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  lists the virtual machine table via binary and update it .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  creates a new command with a new project as a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  source   variables
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  safely removes the aws documentation .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  removes   configures
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the average precision from a perspective .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a package name to the package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass path that need to be found in vertices .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  yield   source
truth:  list   list

test:  handle the result of a line .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  null   list
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to get a route path from the specified context .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique key for the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an otu map file handle .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  register an automatic os .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  null   block
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails for a given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path given the path of the given module path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return crc-32c checksum of the file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to install capability version of the capability to install a capability access image : the capability windows access to install as
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  performs a binary image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   find
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the x dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  retrieves a base lun name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  to   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check to see if an apache is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search all python files in separate for python related search .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  install a function as a reactor reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   install
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get item from the passed data .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  used   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  check if the value is casava enough or newer .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage in a given path as a dictionary .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all containers that contain a raid .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the clonespec config .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  null   bottom

test:  restores restores information from sites dictionaries .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  for each shared matrices .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys required to hold a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that provides an <rdf:li registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  find an object in the given context .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that we can gpu gpu gpu .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map variants of an http layer .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  map   downloads
truth:  is   null

test:  for the given file .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign @todo: @todo: aug .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  returns   urls
truth:  create   lhs

test:  compare two list_ops gate .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the use of quota features from a specific quota file .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  search each file in a given directory .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  accept   output
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  helper to return a valid context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  providing   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compatibility wrapper that formats the type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  call   null
truth:  function   function

test:  do a dataset in a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a path is a symlink of the given url .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  if   method
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into a single string .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet alarm control panel platform .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator io .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday on pep-0484 .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the tiecorrect rankvals implementation based on the passed file .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  tie   correction

test:  returns the status of a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  call the user with the given player .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   run
truth:  input   input

test:  normalizes a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create an identity object .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the average index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat a timer .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  create   testing
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a regular expression pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a large postorder tree using pearsons .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if *obj* is a two postscript .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   get
truth:  obtain   a

test:  check if system state would change .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a string of keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  given a delete_multi() string .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  wrapper for allowing display of title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  null   update
truth:  displays   a

test:  check if a group auth is a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  check   attributes
truth:  has   null

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns sample sample lines for an sample table .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list all feedback workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap string and a soap class .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  create   filters
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate a generic image type for the given image type .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks if the settings for the current thread is in use .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform the observed color by ndarrays and save it .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a figure and return a plot .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  check   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of configured projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn one or more keyword arguments .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  function   entry
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return index of the user .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  name   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all indices along an axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all the jobs from the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with get and accesses body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  a method to wait for a long request and then wait until it is not installed .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns the possible token in a set of tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  determines   notification
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the cpu is currently being monitored .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the average loss for each inputs of the inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  weighted   null

test:  set the systemd module if systemd is linux or later is a systemd based system .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  set   set
truth:  work   work

test:  iterates over all of the stmts that should exist in ascending order .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  perform a document .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get an indexed grid from a grid grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes items from memcache and other them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   items
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates a new xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named rule is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a deferred from a domain or a dictionary .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  helper method to return true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms a cinder exception into a cinder exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  exception   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch for adding a zip method to the arguments after the python object has the zip method .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   patches
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  view function that returns a httpresponse whose content has the given template name .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns url of a given url .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash in a suffix_dir file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  the function to convert the text from a url .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  tokenizes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a collection type for a given dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  returns   login
truth:  build   build

test:  get a height x that is suitable for use with parents .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine one or more accuracy of the data field is the deterministic loss function .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  reset   function
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  validate the value of a configuration item .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find function in a transaction .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a normalized row from a country table .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   no
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create an ae token instance .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of names in the file mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   list
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a media-range into a dict .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a text block as a string for use in a form .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if there are any permissions .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a key .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a posix pattern in a buffer emitted by pseudoprime .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  append   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  configure the floating grid of a grid .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  plots   new
truth:  null   a

test:  load a playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  load   bound
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get a resource resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   resource
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the custom matlab directory for later use .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  append   install
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the current values from the passed observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an action function in the state cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get the list of bug that have parents .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the cpu cpu time of a random source .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  given   a

test:  return the ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single blast object .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a dict of old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote a string so that it can be passed as an argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  verifies the response was returned with the given error .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  plugin datasource parameters .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  for models .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   conflicts
truth:  tests   tests

test:  clears the user from the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  null   prompt
truth:  null   style

test:  build a suitable product id for use in the constants domain to come out the domain id for the given domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the process in the current thread .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to a custom form that returns the custom url .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   request
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy product of a tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   dumps
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a until until it is a carbon known_hosts file .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set up & run a test suite .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  function   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find the path to the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  search   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return whether the given release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  importer tests that are not importer after a few test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  alternative implementation for continuous variables parameters axis : array-like the regression axis : int number of variables returns asquare : bool if true .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  apply the versioned versioned topic type on a single topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that source is inside the nearest space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of non-zero slices of order data based on indexes .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  remove a file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  converts   print
truth:  create   create

test:  check that a query contains a datatypes of data and its data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   port
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  normalize   polynomial
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over the corpus path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create or create or database string from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   prompt
truth:  register   register

test:  list currently configured users who cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return an absolute path for the passed in .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  construct   version
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a 2d dictionary of lines into a dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a synonym for ssh .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts a numeric part of a numeric string to its docstring .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize an exception in a pickle stream .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  reverse   obj
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  ensure linux command exists .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   show
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate average representation of sha1 .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  normalize   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to query the given field .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  same as pythons reactor thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  run   null
truth:  start   start

test:  perform all globally of the given node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  return   node
truth:  context   context

test:  an enum implementation .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a pickle file as a pickle string .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - needed for people by skill .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  do a string in plain text to html .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  text   null
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  calculates the middle-most value for the positive roots of the pvector standard deviation .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   approximation
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return output of available boot cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  if   server
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification via a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb db or update existing existing update dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a penn name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the integer bruno for a set of bruno .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  function   length
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a given object can be a eliminate object .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  does   return
truth:  if   null

test:  executes pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  given a template name and a template name .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the given index and product are correctly .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  asserts   migrate
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the global settings from the project .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  looks   runs
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submits the release of the barcodes to the given request .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  take blobs from a pillar_pcre .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  require   releases
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the configuration tag associated with the given service configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  tag   tag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  renders   links
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to indicate that this is a translates method and applies deprecated .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   a

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  subtract   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via env .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  entries   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all group types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the operator size in a vector to a diagonal operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create the telemetry table .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matcher matches the given matcher target minion_id specify the minion matcher to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a solution equation .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up the given type constraint constraint such as the values for the given type .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorates a dictionary into a hex dict .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  start   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   app
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none or false on a dask array .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to protect benchmarks to the python related .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a wrapped way .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the standard input stream based on the jpeg standard .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look for a directory .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  remove   commands
truth:  strip   a

test:  test overlapping multi-word .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  test   a

test:  turns an javascript file into a new .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  require   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the docker-compose file is a console .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the plugins in the given plugins cli example: .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   update
truth:  run   run

test:  convert a path expansion e .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns true if this xblock is mod+group for the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique alton for the duration of the alton process .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get an unique object from an object given an object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  maps   python
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple function to echo text to hierarchy a hierarchy of text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data as raw .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer section to a observer .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a list of all extract flags .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  get the default currency type .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close the event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the guard to the next page of the currently deleted .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object to the object returns: true if the path to the dacl .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   group
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a layer of a set of old dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  only run this decorator if a python function is not installed .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  inspect app .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  make   css
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find the first opened difference between source and log .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  inspect a package to the new-style package .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  if   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse an index or stream and return index .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the i/o parameters dont contain a lambda .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  open remote document .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the buckets cache directory of the cache file .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a ring .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   return
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create an upload url for a file instance .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified on the provided objects on the wrapped function when the wrapped function exits .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy descriptor from given descriptor to the specified value .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  checks   inverse
truth:  see   null

test:  return the rate of x as a uniform distribution .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if selfridge parameters .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   lucas

test:  checks if the desktop gtk is the current desktop gtk .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a url string from its scheme .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  partially bins of a bilinear described in a single action .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  find   function
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  look through the buckets cache file for the minion .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of urllib2 from the provided url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  build a installed package .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  command   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the page exists .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  get   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  store   options
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration can play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a minors record for each feature in feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  test that you cant save a duplicate file system .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default path of the current operating system .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a value as a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the configuration .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  convert   source
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  signal   disconnect
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a dask file from a 'visual' url .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  detects if contents is valid .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if a segment list is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return ssh ssh key for the current environment .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the contents within a namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a follows from a user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given an iterable of contents and a filename .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  decorator for properties of function which phrases phrases on deny .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the average cut for each value of the passed [1]_ of gdnt .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to a python integer .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  to   null

test:  returns an iterable of the case where each string name is found .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  list   converts
truth:  null   locale

test:  return a list of the items in which the host is a list .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the object is a valid condition .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the inset inset loops from loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a reset power operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  configure   return
truth:  null   one

test:  executes the first colon of the first function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if valid string is syntactically within specified code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return an integer for the byte argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  set   request
truth:  attach   response

test:  helper function that in data packets .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  context for use in uniq uniq .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps interesting date soon .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the contents of the buckets file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the index for this column .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute url for a category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   category

test:  merges the supplied dict in a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   items
truth:  merge   merge

test:  remove removing removing removing post_save file from the task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  get   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of the vms .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  return   running
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts from emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy of a cross operator .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  computes   binary

test:  multiply two created by applying operators .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  returns   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a python file and return a byte object .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   a
truth:  code   code

test:  a context manager that asserts that an operation is a pade crypto object .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  fail   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  converts a string in cell cell reference to a string containing a properly name in chunks .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the current working directory to the git repo .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   interface
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential against single file .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  null   url
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of field names .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  given   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  this function returns a set of dicts .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an instance of the given number formatted for the given number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  view   new
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string or ipv6 array to a array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm host cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  git   trace
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle schema .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the libsvm matrix to both two sets .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a courses that matches the given list of loaded certs .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the reward of the form in a structured directory .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  sum   sum

test:  test if the python shell is an ipython shell shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure a subset of certificate has been attached .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  display   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image from a hsv filter on the hsv filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  solves   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given http request using the given request object .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the service account for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the user can edit the given user .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  match   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of pages that are posible in the binary representation of a given year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  build   build

test:  test an issue when given isnt errors .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   stub
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  returns the api call to the given rest api on a given api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  post   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a start token in a start of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the softmax stable stable stable stable axis .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a lists of all elements of a and b .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  escape   product
truth:  does   null

test:  get comparison for given tricomplex .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper for the integer network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a function object for a given class .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   method

test:  inner covariance matrix .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   x

test:  local subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  content   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return readonly indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the next line of a matrix .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  leap leap year e .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest from a module .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   a
truth:  update   update

test:  a slightly format .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the default uid and gid of the process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  get connection info .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a renewal renewal needs to be met .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the set of mnist mnist mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates the maximal clique bipartite bipartite graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror if f is not found .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the power of the nth function of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fsencoding -> str return a native object when a string that contains a unicode character .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  return   utf8
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive reactive segments .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   binary
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content as a string in py2k .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  does   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   greyscale
truth:  null   grid

test:  turn interactive mode into matplotlib .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address in human readable format into int representation .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  format   mac
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test that we can test the bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to read a scale subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  null   information
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  creates a new mine .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get ground bearing from endpoints and from endpoints .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  string   results
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes an es elasticsearch that exists in the content table .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculates knn .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  order   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  issues a system domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  given the possible character .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parses   handler
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function works as a torrent typed in the python data directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a list of numbers .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  encode   a

test:  get bottomed starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user to select a list of answer .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  based   null

test:  square-free f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a continuous random variable with a degree distribution .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific selinux selinux interface cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem string and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the storage string for the passed plaintext .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   metric
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  run   +

test:  verify the messages are checked in the message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a pcap .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to convert a url to a protocol .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   null

test:  writes the log file to the vlc file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  content   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print an item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  print   append
truth:  displays   a

test:  returns a human readable time in milliseconds since a string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if we can skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  harami pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  performs a sound pair of two labeled polynomials in a folder .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a list of codons in a string to a single string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  generate   generate

test:  private function for multinomial .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  url   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns a list of all open entry for the given doctype .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  tries to create an kernel_integrity with given shown id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  adds   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending a message to a hipchat room .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load the memory common for use in a set of memory .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates the opener and return a dataset containing the given addon .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   a

test:  create a pipeline instance .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  read the tag from the gcode file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  render the line taking its length as the urls in the source string .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   implementation
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirect with the given location and returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  function   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name and returns the class instance .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the result of the displayed displayed in the block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  dont display nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given an recaptcha instance .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  submits   a

test:  take a parameter value and a param .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a address given as a dict given the first ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  accepts a document and a dict with the pem string .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  function   patch
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all modules contained in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which will temporarily be used if messages temporarily have a thread for the thread specified .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert from a sequence of numbers to html .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  check the agent of the agent .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  function   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input input port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a background with a background header in a header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   step
truth:  running   background

test:  view tool groups of a user groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the current version for the named version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group an iterator by passes through a message .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove all courses courses for the given course actions .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  hack for a templates .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  fill   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  outputs   get
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  get the virtual environment for the project .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  grab   push
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  get docker client configuration .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  open   a

test:  parse str: address .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a string of invalid email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  given a certificate and handle .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the graph g for the nodes in g .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a post .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to popup the popup title of a text .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns a generator for all paths in the given python source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   order
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host and a name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score from the supplied argument .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a server class with a server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the counter and replace any sequence of the elements of the original form of the original sequence .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating the cache path and cache signal .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the contents of the file to the file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  convert   create
truth:  create   create

test:  given a root of tensors .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  list   reduction
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in the roots of all paths in the roots .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a virtual machine template its full virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get the interior segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   segments

test:  encodes a piece of the given input into a timestamp .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   a

test:  submit spot instance of spot .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  prints some javascript messages for markdown .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current idle schema .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of functions and major from functions .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for converting a callback or a callback to a handler on a specific process .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  null   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static page index .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule plus rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate a single cuthill ordering of the graph g .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return basic html items cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  generate a csr in a csr shell .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the key and value for the key .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the power of the throws expansion of the passed power .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a bytestring to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   python
truth:  to   try

test:  once version of git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  upgrade upgrade upgrade entry point to make address available .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return a list of all spelling files in the spelling .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  function   download
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the gaussian kl kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generates a staff browser web token using the staff api on the given course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  prompts   method
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to find the shape of a process .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  get the spider matplotlib record for a specified user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the node is in the builtin tree .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test clean up with a git version of editables .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  backend   backend

test:  attempt to authenticate to a tenant and return the client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the minimum edge set in the graph g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   minimum

test:  check if text is a certain string from the beginning of one of the text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return linear w from vectors .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  return   up
truth:  make   a

test:  checks given fingerprint matches .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote -> string return a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  reverse   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a dictionary of requirements to a package .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  does magic magic when the notation is not present .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  required   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test the report with digits digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the number of marks in the given string .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  dataframe   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform a textual possible to a textual netvisor .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure user created using created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  to   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies fasta scores for fasta scores .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  fasta   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return an inventory dictionary .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the default value to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  creates   patch
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of sequences that have the test labeled .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  list   null
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row of cooperative pairs to a blank feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   compare
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks if a tree behaves so that it behaves as one .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  url   in
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table associated with the given route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  call none if an environment variable is none .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   item
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a rabbitmq node to its virgin state cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare to error .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to update requirements in a report .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new metrics .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  calculate   get
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  configures the default migration instance for vispy .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  allow   fid
truth:  executes   null

test:  looks for a package in the package .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range successfully correctly handles a range of values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads a batch of data into a batch .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string and return a tuple .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  string   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database connection .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download all latest artifacts in the access web page .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a new-style task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  combine powers so that the elements is wrapped correctly .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  whitespace   compare
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a new time string suitable for rfc 2822 .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an instance of the passed instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  make   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi wsgi application function .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   wsgi
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validate whether or not an apache ip address is connect to the textual machine .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new api connection with the specified context .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a tree for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a block color to the block color .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   sys
truth:  print   print

test:  delete a default history type .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  null   dummy
truth:  updates   updates

test:  when no __init__ is called .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   none
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  dumps   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  tests that the inverse of a boolean should also be correct .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an on/off string based on the sessionid function in the output of the data .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  format   run
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a tensor into a vector of items .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add symmetrix path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   n
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot a running system at the system at given time time time time time time time at dev .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  checkout/payment incoming handler for requests to the unicode view .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  updates   server
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a databases to the mysql server cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  try to get the path of python build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the node is a ieee 754 namespace .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  adjust adjust modulo a free rate .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential correlation model for a var(p) array .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   null
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output information about a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm on removal .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the indicated contents of the linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  read   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set containing one or more union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a review request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a path .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of mf files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parses   header
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the closest matches from a given reference .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view to manage the request .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  removes   context
truth:  context   context

test:  checks to see if a folder exists as a valid folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for nt .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  given   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run patches .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  run   a

test:  ensure all mail .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  turns   check
truth:  test   test

test:  pull internet account from remote account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  given   null
truth:  be   null

test:  get an certificate in a certificate format .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the xblocks date for a user .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  get   t
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  generate the rectangle path from a path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  given   path
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see free .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  null   schema
truth:  model   model

test:  test for a u file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  close the reset cache .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   function
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure function redirect to a redirect to an other redirect .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  check   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a flat list of all elements of the given sequence with zero normally .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to commit a hash using the given repository commit the repository commit attachment .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  short   get

test:  recursively generate a dataset distance between each vectors in the dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   null

test:  generate a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of user fields and returns the existing fields for the provided user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  rescales a markov function from a multivariate polynomial abund_mtx = svd for multivariate svd .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  null   worker
truth:  generates   a

test:  emits certificate in a certificate in a given course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  if   objects
truth:  obj   obj

test:  return a large string representing the degree of a token string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte string .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a string representation of the given row as a row string .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  null   handler

test:  private method get a path from a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new settings .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  centers of lr .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  rows   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  populate a json representation of cohorts cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  commit riak .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extracts an iterator over the elements of an object and return them .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the default version of an bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the word indices .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  obtain a non-existing given a group and group .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   up
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test signals .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a string of a python data structure .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  serialize   try
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set voxel similar to ensure that the voxel is a set of voxel points for a set of ras .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  clones an l1 .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  options for the options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure the python source directory exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   n
truth:  create   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return form of users data .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   current

test:  generate the stdin loop that can be configured in stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  null   null

test:  return the multidimensional discrete cosine transform of a tensor .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the info of the users user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  generates   user
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource color chronological of the unit circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  send   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar option .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string to a chunk of plain text .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  forces   a

test:  a utility method for enough .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  take   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the md5 hash of the string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  calculates   generate
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to protect exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish it to the given user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a list of the locales that are available in the locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a transpose over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   command
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  set   virtual
truth:  to   move

test:  preorder-traverse manylinux-builds entry point .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   update
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write the supplied header header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples containing all the request names .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  converts a file system url to its unique url .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all entries of a given set of entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  keep_iterables a template and returns a string .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  template   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a command exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  generate a random func of func .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original data .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of a graph g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  update a user on a user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  store   info

test:  authentication view decorator with given user_id .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python interactive .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   certificates
truth:  runs   runs

test:  validate mask mask for ambiguous .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  mask   replaces
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import and return data from a file .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  remove   get
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the path to the directory containing the given file or directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given the reference values for a set of value .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  find   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if library is installed and should be of the library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  range(n) test of the main function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   null
truth:  null   script

test:  detects if a string is a properly formatted string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   null

test:  issue ip provides a module attribute when module has been added .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 100 to 100 special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  manage   list
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to extract a partition time from a string .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  translates   returns
truth:  label   label

test:  write a represent .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the values is a valid number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  count   check
truth:  if   null

test:  concatenate all the content and dst files into the given path .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  null   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the url for the passed handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  multiply two numbers of order k .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  matches against an object type .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  write the group of a stl activity activity .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   compute
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  a wrapper around mpd that allows us to graph to mpd .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check if value is a extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  check   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorates a function or a job id .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to yield lists of length .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  use   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  password   password
truth:  hash   a

test:  take a function or a type and a cache function .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if the error was present .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  function   option
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the shift cipher encryption on plaintext shift .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add allocated_id to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   mark
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  short   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get python network object from docker-py .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  works on a specific file .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  edit   tables
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen color cache with a single method in the base docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  context   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of vectors .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   function
truth:  insert   identity

test:  find and remove directories that should be loaded .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an url .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  grab   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures a context has a specific manager from the specified context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise inequality .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  evaluate   test
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : list < field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a function that returns the tree from a set of lists as per corresponding to the lists of lists .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  retrieve system mounts .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  return   names
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert a string into a float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  install a spelling file .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated class with a class with a @deprecated class .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a charset with the given output .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   character

test:  closes the editor .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to acquire the type of a class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  try to get hello settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a client .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get the dictionary of the arguments from the user .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  return   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve syntax information .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  null   context
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of network devices .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calc *recurse* .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  dataframe   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  return a formatted date string for a given date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  null   serialize
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode works with mapnode json inputs .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  template   null
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  simulates   sets
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the postgresql .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  create   redirect
truth:  enter   a

test:  update patch_file in symlinks that contain the provided symlinks .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if python interpreter is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing a table with column defined by the correct column names .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the dedent that are correctly handles a dedent formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump the craigslist .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  null   options
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns an httpresponse with the given permission and items according to the given permission .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  get   properties
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of elements that can be passed to explicit explicit 1s .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get true if the line is in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and return a handle to it .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  extract art information from a albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  elementwise exponential function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard deviation .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the dictionary containing the elements of the given list .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  null   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the rdm disk uuid of the device .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a copy of the session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  polynomials   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   merge
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  remove   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  switch the user specified by the edx platform .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a decorator that returns a function that can be used to timeit timeit .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  return f with many coefficients .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  get the configurable state of the passed vm .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a profile list of visible settings for a user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the address is marked as an ipython address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given batch normalization .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of available reverse instances of a database .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return down:appname for a connected router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure a string is valid utf-8 string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  return   method
truth:  if   validate

test:  determine whether there is a dbus loop for g .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  a content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  execute a single python versions of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an chunks of data for a sha1 type and a length of formatted chunks in an object .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date in the given locale .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  checks   device
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   image
truth:  null   laplace

test:  returns a similar layouts if the request matches the current execution .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a remote request to the remote apps .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  searches for pygments template filter .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  renders   source
truth:  return   return

test:  track track to a particular event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  to   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a docker image and return a new container .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in a string .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut for the *typ* of a bash string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  run   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified email address .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  calculate a hacks for phantomjs a document that matches the given browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a hex hex hex hex hex format to a byte string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for permission_code in an array with each column .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for a user to perform passphrase .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called parameters .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  check   notification
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have a particular bug after test rather than a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize output .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a python path name and returns the pem name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  converts   a

test:  get the public url of a given server .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure a bookmark is absent on the system name : boolean force force force : boolean toggle force : boolean toggle force bookmark on removal name of bookmark cli example:
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   field
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  convert string to lines in whitespace .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a 303 redirect to the given c{baseclass} .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a status message similar to a nice section .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  detects specified arguments .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  check   output
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given password and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  application which cooperatively pauses response to a valid middleware .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two lists of wrong in the highest layer .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a test params which can be used with a given request .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a tag widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   field
truth:  add   a

test:  edit a document collision form .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders that pertain to a specific location in the task .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get hypervisor uptime by name .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  get   set
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a remote method that returns multiple times .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the commit configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a params from a pcap tuple .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  accepts a dictionary of 3 like fileserver and returns a dictionary of python 3 .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns from cyan .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  parse request that is in ftp state of twisted .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts from hsv to hsv space on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  time   home
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  convert a value to a valid value .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all the listing paths in a glob .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  start   list
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for the gamma correction with the linear proxy .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   observation

test:  install a ruby source .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set an esxi host host on the network configuration .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list of values .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  enforce   patch
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generate a set of files in the form .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the last web error code is the same as last .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for checking if a method is a default index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get_home_dir() borrowed from single and usage .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  converts a header string to a class property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a mini-batch of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a specific jobs on the given virtual machine .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send the message as a off .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns a list of snippet from all snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear any package_files off and return a task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  handle   doctest
truth:  clear   database

test:  check a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  displays   check
truth:  get   a

test:  divide all gcd of gcd in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  content   polynomial
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the unicode representation of a path as a file or a unicode string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  read   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the reverse primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  xml   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the theano approximation of the data point that is the lognormal no root of the angle between the angle given mu and variance .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes the entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  register   register

test:  check if example is being importable .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   script

test:  get exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  unregister   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the first result of the first object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  null   package
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the directory to which the finder contains a directory .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  null   return
truth:  find   find

test:  factory for flattening .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   factory

test:  checks whether the email of the provided mailing mailing .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  if   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test reading a table with a column that has a column .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that when a never is changed .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns whether there are any of the given problem in the specified section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  file_input : required | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  build a test set of tests that contain the configfile .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  build   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  yields a process and get its items of a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a jobconf list of jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the modules for the provided plugin .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a timestamp in converted to a timestamp .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  generates   method
truth:  null   method

test:  try to filter on a field of the given signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  filter   filter

test:  deletes a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restores a database to the sales dir .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  build   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  when a line number between 0 and a string .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  control   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary to disk cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  saves   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the canonical format of the given sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  splits   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   exit
truth:  print   a

test:  generate an rgb binary .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  register signals on registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   checking
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if the file is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  require several promotion job to be passed .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return an html string .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  return   regex
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set up a registered directory .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  register   null
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and writes the given message .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  exit   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  applies all instances using instances like instances on all instances using the prefetcher variables given .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  take   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a dictionary of anyone .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list currently configured task triggers to a task in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  take   a
truth:  list   list

test:  enqueues a user certificates for a student in the course .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  view   null
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the passed validators .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is available on the local service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   replacement
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new product of values for the given products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  transform string to plain python object .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  returns a dict of categories for the specified parent .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   categories
truth:  print   category

test:  default grammar .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  known   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the available tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of a unified diff for one file .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  does   diff
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  configure   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily remove a database .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  is   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the raid is present name the name of the overlay to delete .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run a single page to the lock .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check help usage in the command line .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from a elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts to get a set of stubs out of a given path .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  access   a
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value for a configuration item .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge multiple keys in params .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode bytes as a byte string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag as a repository tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns md5 key for a nonce hash algorithm .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ip from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  check whether the value is accessible from a accessible dictionary .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a file descriptor to disk .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update database exceptions that have changed exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   function
truth:  given   a

test:  either update or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  generate a polynomial n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if lun is available .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns exposed string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  to   try

test:  create a default context .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  return   a

test:  return a character .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  subtract   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure empty super .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest distance from the end of the begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a mapping .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  wrapper on a sequenceexample image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  null   new
truth:  resize   images

test:  sanitize a timestamp into a standardized timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass sample support .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks whether the given string is a valid integer .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  checks   calls
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of test providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the provided repository name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  provides an event with one or more track and get the secret .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encodes a packet string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  do a context manager .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  fetch   api
truth:  sends   a

test:  view function that renders the specified key as an html string .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   replacement
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   role
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the sanity sanity check for the given problem .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  disables   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that sets up of a test .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  context   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  return the benchmark score for the given episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  list   normalize
truth:  to   method

test:  get the version of the method that should run in the future .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  package   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create an in-memory tensor .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  set iterator over options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  entry point for the local thread .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  runs   runs

test:  generate an delimiter file given its string and a file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as controlb but for backwards compatibility .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  make   delete
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the splits splits of the regex .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the constant term in a expression .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  attempt to extract the zipfile file from the given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  s   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  convenience function for creating a hull .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  return   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute physical path of a resource file as a tuple representing the absolute physical resource and a resource tree of the resource prefixes as a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the unit name for a given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  get   get

test:  return an iterator that emits the sids of sids .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  splits   redirects
truth:  given   null

test:  the ask for the carbon server .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  looks   attempt
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching matching a single matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  add a comment to the end of "information_schema" .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  returns   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs a wsgi application that will handle enough services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  executes   cgi
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create git jenkins from git commits using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  normalize   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  return a utc string representation of decimal places .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  compute runstest 1samp .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get the number of samples that a calculate calculate the similarity of a given distance .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  use   context
truth:  order   order

test:  attempt to init a python printing for python 2 .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert days since a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  store the item value .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train the roidb in the provided directory .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  feed   null
truth:  train   a

test:  displays all the available locale .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  to   openid
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data in the file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   in
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns a bytestring version of iterator .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the default login name for a process .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  returns a list of unique paths which contain all possible paths in the given resolved .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a given tempfile and returns its name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  context   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns system info from the given key .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets filtered by current user .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  adds   page
truth:  null   null

test:  start the above tests of each table of the data .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper for compatibility .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  rewrite   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  validate mailgun webhook webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   email
truth:  check   check

test:  handler which logs out user actions .
truth: update request . 
test:  blocks   changes
truth:  request   request

test:  given a url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the date that should be out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  document   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a dictionary of whitespace .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generates a random expression of a sympy expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  returns a new theano dict .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the the contents to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   integer
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of python methods on the plot .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update a particular object or a new object only .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  compute   add
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  converts the given string to a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  string   function
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  user has changed signal .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   os
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a objects are nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the action filters out what the action can be values are in the given action .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validates   generate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  null   window

test:  subtract a polynomial in linear .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  float   float

test:  returns the mode value of data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered info from the database .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   information

test:  check that local_gpu_elemwise_0 executes correctly converts a 3d string .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the wigner wigner of the supplied symbol .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  declares some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate axes with a plot or a given plot .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   endpoint
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the file records in the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first in gamma .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  create   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan the directory and combine it a directory .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of random items for each tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  cache   tip

test:  returns the arguments of the preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  create_unicode_buffer create_unicode_buffer .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  handle all of the local data in the given css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  returns   hostname
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a client to each of the program .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   messages

test:  if we find a column table with col names provided .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the min cost of an undirected graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  converts an ip address string to a long integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  transform text to a period of period .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  append   a

test:  find the first item in x that are in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  find   indices
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  format a layer as a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  parses   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  pad   source
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  same as q but returns a subset of files .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  apply migrations using supplied facts dict args: provider : facts to set for the provider facts : facts returns: dict: the provider facts : existing provider facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   pdf
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the sinusoidal connection .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  time   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host to a single port using the specified port .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   in
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --local flag .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a format class for the specified format key .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested locale string into separate locale strings .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl module is installed .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds one of the advanced component to the template component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert spherical .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of keys from d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  dictionary   d
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from a url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get equated by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a protobuf from a given protobuf .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   method

test:  regression test for #5336 .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that amplitude rotation [3736] [3736] [3736] [3736] .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with windows .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  return whether the given string represents the given type .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   a

test:  parameters v : dataframe returns dataframe code object .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision representation of the package in the git api .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  given   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to convert a method name to a method for use in tests .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  place   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check whether unrar is within specific unrar .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  return   version

test:  calculates a new hash keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns smooth or in_file .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the instance type of a [start instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of a sokal-sneath distance between two boolean arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the minions public key fingerprint the fingerprint of the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  generate an uniquely of rounding and compile it according to the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  normalized   product
truth:  value   value

test:  send out the notification email :arg award: the user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  email   email

test:  return a list of tensors for tensorflow [1] .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  null   tokens
truth:  null   null

test:  compares the value of a titlified attribute as a numpy array .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule into a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the stores stores command to find the available users .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  register a class as a class .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   a
truth:  required   method

test:  return a list of the cprint .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  execute   os
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send the notification to the configured notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct an endpoints description for a given certificate description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  file   a
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a state when it has been generated by the string .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  monitor   null
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the gcode path for a gcode file .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  build   a

test:  use a method to create pidof ssh that can be displayed to a parsing channel .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  returns   target
truth:  null   null

test:  create a keyczar object containing a binary and returns it .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get combined point points from loop .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  takes a list of reply and flatten them .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  usage: {% return code in a given path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the logged in the request to the request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to this specified host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify that a value is a valid parameters value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   partitions
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the final lag-polynomial number of a pair .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  return   sequence

test:  recursively get all per per sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  dataframe   crud
truth:  return   a

test:  given a byte string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth password against http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  take an iterable of 1s and create a list .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  given a time zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure uncpushd works with uncpushd builtins .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a valid template_name .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  creates   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the relative scores of the passed scores .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets a list of cohorted partition cohorted for the specified course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  username   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the key name for the given target .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equations with key-value pairs from the given differential equations .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection onto a directed graph .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  read the icons in the edges of a file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidates the cms page in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  combines an album object into a musicbrainz musicbrainz items for each album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  gets   pairs
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a placeholder placeholder for a placeholder type .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  does   product
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   users
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the ssh data files from the filesystem .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the raw stack .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  create   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as other .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  load   logic
truth:  find   a

test:  copy an data from the data to destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  generate a codeblocks variable given the symbol and codeblocks .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  generate   utf-8
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location of the cache file .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  return true if user can view the given username and that the given user is present .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  use   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files that have been resolve .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document for the given document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  null   document
truth:  delete   a

test:  ajax view to disconnect a new user .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  get   login
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ping the schema .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   watch
truth:  print   dots

test:  execute objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf for non-numeric values .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the path to the current file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert between flush annotations and report .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a string to a human readable number .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clear the cached options for the set of raw statistics .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   function
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a date/time date in the format yyyy-mm-dd by the given format .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  evaluate estimator or train using estimator and y .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  solve   function
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a dictionary of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check with the given agent using its agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  validate a cookie color string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  dump a record in the given record .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string representation of a page in a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  label   null
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default vlc .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parameters loss_or_grads  e .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  test whether the hostname is a valid python dictionary .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function with an http error message if there is not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  does   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate setting of a plugged-in configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  download   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we want to reduce the internal driver .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  ensures   helper
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current time in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax channel api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no errors .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  update   call
truth:  load   tm

test:  returns a bem for forward flow .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert pil image to a numpy array of any resized .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve a dictionary attributes for the given type name .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  allows   multiple
truth:  extract   information

test:  load an event on a module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  push the specified block as a plain block with the specified name .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  creates   start
truth:  open   a

test:  analysis of a sound using stochastic stochastic stochastic stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  strips the imap4 keys from a string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return an ec2 credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the p-th sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove a chef from an already identifier .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns the minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset message and limit to a warning message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  changes   msg
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds and returns the first nodes in the list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new contrib .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  sets   generate
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a fake participant of data .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a description from a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  calculates the epsilon closure of the see if it matches the certificate .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return all groups associated with an account cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of designed to process .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  compute   autocovariance
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the value of the new instances of the new line .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  open   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check that the user is logged in .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of y .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when no jobs is being found .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense list of distance into the sparse sparse sparse values for the sparse sparse matrix format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  send   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  files   files

test:  print a tree representation of a node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear a cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure empty completion after reveal break .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  url this function allows you to override the default monkey functionality .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  test   program

test:  common implementation of a compared against a linking likelihood .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given signal handler handler for i{sigchld} .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode from the channel .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether it is a valid cci .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  clean   interface
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random graph g with the given layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn a version string into a dictionary with the given version numbers and version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic float variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a timestamp string as a time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the unicode string representation of text in the encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that command can be refused when confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  factorize   shows
truth:  test   x10

test:  create a new sqs cipher .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a pyramid wsgi wsgi application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for a windows short: .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  does   try
truth:  derive   ini

test:  add a plugin calls to the given class .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  arent arent arent in the expression that has a line number in the expression .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a host:port path -- the final port of a given port on the given port .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   null
truth:  value   value

test:  tests the random value with seed and seed its seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  converts a python version string to a python version string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   data
truth:  encode   data

test:  test that we can skip this file .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify that the function does not have the same setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether the values in order are changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a mock graph from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns the first compressor file as specified string .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the gender for a gender file .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   localization

test:  test file downloading over a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   try
truth:  require   null

test:  set the system locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  check   a
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to a sympy expression .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a unique digest of credential acl for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a properly instance that should be used to get linode api details .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string from string from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers can safely be refactored into the provided response body .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dictionary of communication to use for any specific code .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the the the currently active namespace or the foreign of the specified namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads the indicated indicated by creating them for a given router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  generate master client to master client client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   event

test:  check if the path given by the patterns or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  function   check
truth:  return   return

test:  splits a number of failures in the packing .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  filter   calculate
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes a black batches of the expression for black .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  move   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns versions of versions of salt .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  time   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex given a list of pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert an array or string of composite bytes to a vboxmanage array repr repr .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  use   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a x509 extension instance .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a number as a single .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  formats   sort
truth:  null   null

test:  load a config file and return a non-null python object .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all dots of the dots with the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  test whether a numpy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  is   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  given a state returns a list of requested state strings .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  return   running
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a subjects file to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  computes   probability
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a set of data or arg by a set of column .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string describing a single mime text .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  displays   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when given local file with local source file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper for numpy .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the resource identifier and return the like it .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  determine the type name for a list .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  implement   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  expose markdown on an recipients object .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raises an exception if not a writable error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  temporarily remove any variables from the environment variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a short image from a file .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  func   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  this is used to determine the highest highest version that is not supported by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns an approximate path .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the geos test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a cluster and populates it with the provided cluster .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  send the cmd email address to a given source .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load a user config file and return a configparser object .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a namespace tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handles a comment by a user .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  build a schema for a given dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends in the friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of a binary string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  are   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as the expression on a blaze expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  push   data
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks that the mapping of the mapping type .
truth: gets header . 
test:  check   list
truth:  header   header

test:  given an external name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  calculates   display
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns a copy of the value which has not already been modified .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a named adapted to the given name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   handles
truth:  infer   a

test:  try to determine the version of the character repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns nested objects as a nested dict .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return the python source file path .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a string which may be an ascii header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds against document against a document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  updates   configures
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class which can be used like a getattr class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get_init cant find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to parse a date into a datetime .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the auth params for a given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  compare   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create an array of the bootstrap data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  removes   type
truth:  receive   a

test:  given an unsigned int value .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  converts   use
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the number of result required to hold a string with the given length and the right values for each word .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a dictionary of like concat .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get a figure managers for a given figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with data in and out html files with data in rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   fbater
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of all device as a dictionary of those devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of a function within an interval .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator for web api methods to support this function returns full method for the user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a shell command to all messages in a control .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   rewrite
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  null   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  remove white quotes from a string .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  upgrade   s
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering with a default secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  test   test

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require a python package that runs a virtualenv .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  returns the test tests for a given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  find   return
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the follow objects for a particular actor instance .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that a cypher is a cypher .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  converts an expression to a solution .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  list   force
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return the absolute path to the resource .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade the throughput of a boolean .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   run
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the clip of the blackwhite clip .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  erase   binary
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments of a feature when the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a validator object for the specified type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the timestamp in seconds .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rewrite the given state in the single single string .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  make   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image attribute of the given image based on the provided image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a summary of runners in the system name : the name of the service to normalize returns: str: the name of the port to remove .
truth: internal function . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  build   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   triangle
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a table with the responder that need to perform any meta-fields that must have the responder scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a subprocess environment using subprocess command .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  set   a
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  send an oauth url to the user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  complete   handler
truth:  builds   null

test:  a generator for staticfiles on a token token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does basic content .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  token   function
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a event_source_id file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   in

test:  given a query .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   version
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper for a graph that generates a bounding bounding bounding .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table of table names .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns checksum formatted checksum .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the sdrs of the supplied workgroup .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the vector a theano shared variable .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of tuples into a single string .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  text   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  computes the homogeneity score .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on a django module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  helper function to get the valid remote file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an absolute path to file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  create   start
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect the files in a folder .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  train   a
truth:  based   demo

test:  catches an exception .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  exception   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show all features available for the minion cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the softmax function behaves as it behaves like the rotational .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  determine the path to the directory of an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the interpolation of a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is not created slow .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  if   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  return the string representation of the file s .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  start a theano function across a theano variable .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a sequence of tuples as json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates a custom structure of the script structure .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of default values that todo is not joined .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   shortcut
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the cross sum of a cross product args: previous_labels : symbolic returns: expression .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  extend port details using the admin details dictionary .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  extends   null
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the scotvote data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a string is a valid format for being a valid format string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distances along the given curve of a feature .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  uses the effects of a local system .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  encodes   map
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns all calculation and data in the given string and its outputs .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  support   get
truth:  get   get

test:  clones an existing client .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change lib file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   nzb
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the gradient is a block of block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that adds a method so that it can be used on a transaction .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for checking if a method is run .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a simple fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  deletes a user from database if applicable .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print an exception from file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the cli args and force valid interactive instance .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a path with the absolute device in the given device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for c{main} that resource factory .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  if seen_union is webutil url .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   enum
truth:  null   service

test:  helper function to find the files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the user for the specified profile username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the request is up or async version of a message .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert native character references to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  to   convert

test:  given a sequence of barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user from database .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from a geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert file path to absolute path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   language
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the access token from a string .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   chart
truth:  serie   test

test:  connect to a csv file and returns a csv string .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a short key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove directory and all empty directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a string for use in js .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  send   get
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a rule name to a string of the registry .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  null   modules
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a module name of a package without actually be used .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  null   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  given a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test that you can construct a lazy log .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ask a session to be used via a pointer .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  called   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  extract the docs version from the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around c_sync .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  dictionary   json
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are available .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the primary torification object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that the there are correctly are correctly ten .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the creation sequence for each degree in the given order of the given degree .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the value of an index sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  index   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strips all multipart/form-data tokens from a piece of tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the path with the given name .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verify whether a string is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  retrieves the localizable attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the expression in a aws expression .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix in a single feature .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  null   piecewise
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the score at the given index .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the date of the volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  compare two inform lists .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   gradient

test:  this c{tuple} shows the tool iterative documenting .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  executes   reverse
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  compute the ovf build function with ovf zero and b .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes a value using base64 and make json rather than its content .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  encodes   html

test:  checks if its possible to a color color .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  color   color

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  wraps the source table into a list of pairs .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  extracts   null

test:  clean out messages from the objects_lvals .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  requests   node
truth:  null   helper

test:  check if the file is being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate graph for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process the cache switches: optimization in numpy we support the cache with a inter tensor .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  getprime:long return a list of requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the contents of a text file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  reads   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   call
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the consume that should rather than the inotify code for a given event .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  start non-maskable of a remote keys and ensures that the keys are in the remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the date string for the current thread .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  start   configuration
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  solve permutations of cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a font font from a background point .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps the function in a undecorate instance .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  return   i
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup mqtt platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  like a locale .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate the versions of all pages and remove one .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   downloads
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of comments for the given group .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change the list of completed vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   tables
truth:  structured   null

test:  parses a record .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a python executable in the correct environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  generate authorization code from the api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for one line at the cinder opcode .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all available programs for the given user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it can reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: whitesource yaml: whitesource notifications on jenkins jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a packed array into a packed array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  packs   null

test:  q is a list of entity ids .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of the sense form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  iterates over the given locale in the defined plane .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl context and return the name of the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate the ids of the json ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  given   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate depth to the specified tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to generate a signal from a signal .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  function   source
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate an checksum for a given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   a

test:  attempt to changed on the led matrix .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  takes   import
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get instance extra specs for the given flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints an error snippet of a step in a step .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  return a dictionary with author or property fields .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  takes a list of visited ways in the list of visited values .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  sort   field
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the minimum matrix of a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the hermite beta function of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just ensure this module is not needed .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  function   null
truth:  look   up

test:  calculate the md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  hash   build
truth:  cache   cache

test:  alternative alternative to select ipv4 address from a raid '{}{}' .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the path of the file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate a random dataset that is nonzero by serializing serializing .
truth: like rand . 
test:  create   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  decodes an http code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   linear
truth:  expected   null

test:  ratio" ratio" .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  writes message immediately to log file using log .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  print   message
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that returns the text of a text stream in a stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single test cases to make it generative .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  takes a widget and returns a views .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the translations to a dict of {china translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate valid resource .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reaches the list of dictionaries .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  do a causes of references to have valid info .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  to   a
truth:  map   map

test:  normalizes string that can be used to slugify to slugify .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   a

test:  extract the docker port from a docker container port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  create routes routes cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the elements of a polynomial used as a dict .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  takes a dictionary of dct instances .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  given   null
truth:  take   null

test:  block block until an instance is provided .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  time   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  convert an integer to the number of bytes .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  open the context for the base context and log it to the base context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form form **tag name**:: form **tag name**:: errors **parameters**: {{ form }} }} }} .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the global two-tuple object to set the specific set of tasks .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   path

test:  return the absolute path of the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator for checking if a user_id requires non .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  asserts   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the contents of a file as a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns a mock .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the accuracy of the input as positive implementation .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to open a permission file for a given file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  returns   form
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  compress the value of json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  is   json
truth:  null   json

test:  converts a string like "escaped" to a r string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  start watching ready-for-l10n approved for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if options is present in the file .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the name of the tree in an html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  given a path to the cached trees of the parent node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the key for the passed config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  get   current

test:  filters a group of filters or every value in the given property name .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user to the htpasswd file using the default official .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name minus expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any timestamp information from a query .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to get a static group name from a static regex .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  utc   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   html

test:  get extended segment from segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the directory of the quota library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decides the award of the given badge .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieve   ping
truth:  null   badges

test:  this is for getting all assets from fabtools .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  finds   timeseries
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts a finder .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets any number of blog blog properties for a template .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  filters the list of names of tags that are sorted by the provider .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the keys of a deprecated byte string .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   null
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the docker configuration .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  clear   enable
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  release   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the values of flv like flv .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates a list of all pairs of a square matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get intersection of the paths of the paths of the paths of the paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the p-th mean of the values of an array with values correlation coefficient .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [2] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a bucket from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that a tree behaves like a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  null   init
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a new prefix to the datastore .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  prefixes   running
truth:  change   message

test:  try to get a connected cluster control .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get the number of keys in a redis .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if an old attr is included in the old block .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  null   check
truth:  is   null

test:  generate a form based on the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get qt qt qt dictionary .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  const_map_item : simple_stmt | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   null

test:  get all rules of the given rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yield   find
truth:  yields   null

test:  calculates an integer length of the length length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given path has any cloud sentiment .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute singular values of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  select   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of decoding to unicode .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate file .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes the renumerate sum of elements in a sequence .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  function that will run a test configuration file .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  given a json record field .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  create   try
truth:  value   value

test:  given a context of categories and categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  generates   -
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the old fill from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   custom
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a given module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the status of a http status status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe instance .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  removes   signal
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  to update the service statuses in the same state .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  test functionality from if: we can use the shown api .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  datetimes   check
truth:  load   load

test:  get unified diff of remote text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object indicating when a time is created .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  time   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from a logical port .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   files
truth:  mount   mount

test:  called when the message is being sent .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases for the given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks whether path can be accessed to the current file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  adds all the plugins that contain a given class .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  add   transformation
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract cookies from a users request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function for en-us tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  list   null
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the location of a diff .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform a list of tokens into a string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  regex   standard
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  print a single cell cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  workaround   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  generate all items in a maximum of a set .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   elements
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  update   update
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url remove the url and the result .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  put   a

test:  sets the journal to read the given filename and write it to that file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  move   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a command to vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  test specific passing an operation to a string .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  preface   a
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the request is valid on a system .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  filtered customise list .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  null   product
truth:  customize   null

test:  returns a 303 for the specified location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   variable
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert native value to a model instance .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  make   object
truth:  check   check

test:  utility method that returns a dictionary of parameters for the provided action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  marks a function as being invoked after a callable .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  retrieves a ccx to the ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset reset cli example: .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a status_update matrix for a feature .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   a
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users users that have been admin .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  simplified a virtual machine with the id for the id .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url string .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find specific items in the current site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  set   signal
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a python object .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   check
truth:  computes   null

test:  waits for the element to be present in the dom .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce a string after a certain number of html characters .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  null   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add complex holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   profile
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if plural is none .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  null   null
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  generates a random threshold image .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  threshold   date
truth:  applies   null

test:  a decorator to get a function to run every callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant for a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  based on a flat key .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta time string to make it usable in seconds .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps set timestamps in the build as environment .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   cigame
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  returns a list of xml files read from the file .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   information
truth:  load   a

test:  returns the language bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  settings   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a single child process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  image data read from file or pil format .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  return   load
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt dict from the provided response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for the cluster fasta file .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  function   null
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  check that all of the given expression contains at least two serviceprovideeditview .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a predicate to set the current time .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a http server in an http thread .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  flags   start
truth:  run   nltk

test:  given a path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a decorator for marking the decorated function as an extension instance .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a byte string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  if   reverse
truth:  return   a

test:  unregister a jinja environment for a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  function   in
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the profile specifications for use in a shard .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  changes   patch
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id for a token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  computes   stop
truth:  return   a

test:  retry a facebook list of facebook to the user .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  use   patch
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain name .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a baremetal baremetal interface .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   in
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json 8601 for python 2 .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  take a string argument as a list of numbers .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  set   set

test:  load a coverage coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   parse
truth:  load   a

test:  run an in-memory function over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  retrieve a diff instance for the specified users ssh .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  mock   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a vector3 from the *individuals* .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks for a line transform .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a generator of lists of equal items in a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yields   seq
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a __doc__ .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate an exception if the requesting cls is not a authorized cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  check   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  take betweenness centrality centrality for each unique sources and h .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  map   mask
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  returns the unit data passed in .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all the data from the minion datastore .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the item is a known object .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shorthand for inverse .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the given path with base .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  used   path
truth:  replace   argument

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string argument to a bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup a sony tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  registers a new colors .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  cache the login form .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  set   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate arma impulse impulse response ar : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to invalid topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading source volume from a wsgi volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  to   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  construct   array
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image is sharable .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get an authentication token for a given host .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  get   json
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis if it is none .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  grab   copy
truth:  make   a

test:  convert windows .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   reverse
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  prints ansi color using ansi escape .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  extract messages from a actual database into a seconds .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the terminal size in bytes .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  compat for testing .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new link in the current view .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  remove   link
truth:  log   a

test:  check if object is a instance of a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the passed distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute a random netsh interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  reports reports to the signal .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  flag   null
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the integer corresponding to an integer value .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  null   axis
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all the available files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses the provided string field name into a <script> tag .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   url
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  none --> /path .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  default   default

test:  write the values in a set of images in rte format to the file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe a list from a user .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  prints   apps
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a list of the edges of g in g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  insert   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations from bench and returns its translations .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  -   filesystem
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of ips for all linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and import modules whose names start with test_ and basepath inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find the available data in the given parent directory that should be looked up with .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year locale for the locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove items of a single task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  null   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  null   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event on the minion .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  make   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  constructs an instance of the client and secret from it .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in a class that should be called as a dictionary .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a vim post .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  constructs   updates
truth:  builds   null

test:  extract the first id from the result .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  looks   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all detected agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generates prox for each feature .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  generates   part
truth:  null   operator

test:  prints a transform transform string to a single string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the module types can be listed in modules .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters params : ndarray the regression alpha : int number of variables in params of alpha : int number of parameters in alpha and scale
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   p
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get default group of document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   redirects
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if the line is a line of a line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a shipment email to its child requests .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   display
truth:  process   a

test:  test clean up from a reqs file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  ask   uninstall
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock instance of a sequence of two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the system cachedir and place it in the system directory .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  context manager to temporarily generate a patched code to a global code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  context   create
truth:  patch   patch

test:  sets a value from a pmf distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  converts a scipy .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an index in the given index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  return   in
truth:  get   get

test:  get an email based on the provided intent .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the data with the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   decrypt
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get a warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  null   get
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the state of a given instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a new distance in a given sequence of non-existent tags .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  return   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  verify that all the finite and finite are unique .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote a string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return a course and a course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse one or more lines in response headers .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate a function to be called via a nice manner .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   version
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch a real resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve django static files properly in django django django .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  add the auto_auth in the auto_auth and stores the relevant fake dict and stores them in the confine .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to move source to the organization .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   calculate
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside an infinite loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a schema database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  dictionary   db
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing python string .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   call
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the file encoding from the appropriate range header this is a use of the project .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  to   try

test:  return the python path .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the number of fields in a given string .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  clean out the date and append a dot .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function is only accepts functions .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the comment and return the comment and corresponding amplification .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return database information about the sync database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  install a mock response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is unicode and convert this string in the series/index to unicode .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function makes sure that the headers have the valid headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  empty   remove

test:  get a page url for the given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  look   up

test:  view a tool shed user .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  dispatch   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a map of the given function names .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to open the default debug function for a given reach .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  open   reverse
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  sets the dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   in
truth:  if   check

test:  test the correctness of the assumptions gate .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the machine on the given machine .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create and write a file to disk .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  true if the specified key has a valid remote key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the input argument to a dictionary of python type .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a user should receive the given email .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the float version from git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  server   get
truth:  git   git

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  browse the page that would be met .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  show   hook
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the provided req is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make things with a campaign that is not a valid campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert the text of the textile text into an input image .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  applies   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  multiply a specific variable by making it with the or a variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  writes given multiframe to each of the given microdescriptors file in a given directory .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  updates the user to the home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  seconds   user
truth:  named   null

test:  build a => test suite in a given test suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  creates   -
truth:  visit   visit

test:  find all python modules in the given directory .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls the windows function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  create   calculate
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given file .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform total-variation loglikelihood on the input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize the error .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  test retrieving a backup-list .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character displayed .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network by id .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  converts an ascii-only string to a long using ansi encoding .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  if   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of all the theme directories that are located .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   theme

test:  when a timezone link is recorded .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates or deletes constraint constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  check whether two vertices are isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and return zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  open   zip
truth:  download   a

test:  sends a charthelp to the latest repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  create   a

test:  doctest-skipping test should skip a subclass by default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  sorts a list of sorted elements in ascending order .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  lists all schema in a postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  start   show
truth:  return   a

test:  call the function with the specified arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  to   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  copies   test
truth:  averaging   test

test:  add the given subnet to the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  upgrade   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   listeners
truth:  get   group

test:  calculate the binom count for an image of the number of samples in the number of time series .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the subgraph crust by the graph g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  creates   node
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize object to a binary string for use in a url .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   serialize
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns true if the wcs has been distortion .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the path to the ipython ipython ipython ipython notebook .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text from the next response: of the string .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  get   null
truth:  read   read

test:  push a session to a session document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step case definitions on a feature .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  is   null

test:  context manager that handles a reasonable development environment variable .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   multiple
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  creates a setting value from a kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  divide all coefficients in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  dynamic security groups to dev groups .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  warn for all the empty lines in the google analytics .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  modify a record in db .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   api
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list an instance associated with an instance .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  attach   check
truth:  to   check

test:  download an adapter dictionary from a binary json .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  download   download
truth:  return   args

test:  return the path to the datastore datacenter that will be used by the next datacenter in the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts an depth into packed form based on the depth of the depth y .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  null   print
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops a new database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  sets   connection
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a dict of binary files and returns a single string of files in the given file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  write   a

test:  compute input tree of the given inputs .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  given   multiply
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check whether a given matches with the given name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  click the event with a single channel .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  binding   in
truth:  select   null

test:  check if user can delete suggestions on a editor .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wait until an object is requested .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the given format is in the list of things .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window with a proper row .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the page to the preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find the lineage based on given lineage position .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  test   functions
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the complete connection to the passed state of an ec2 .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a list of announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   dict
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check for use of chain in the graph .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  call decorator for volumes xenapi volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  use the batchjob when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   gpu
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation label to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns an xml string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  to   python
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a search dict representation of a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  joins a different action on a different spawned .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  test   display
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create a new or docked interactive window unconditionally .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  start   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of elements of the given low sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that volunteer is ole * samphub * useful after each line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns whether the given beautifulsoup report is a report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the float of the float .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  default   default

test:  get a list of the repository init in the current environment .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   get
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step in the :ref:user guide coordinate way .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for the given endpoint[ url .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add manifest instance from resource in dll/exe file .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   resource
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  list currently installed disks disks cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  remove a topic push .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  try   subscription
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  compose a dictionary of attributes .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  add   add
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  adds   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  like zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get media user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unpack the offsets code for a python function .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpacks   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  request and bson a list of .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the supplied service object into the service .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  print   print

test:  find size in the given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  find   size
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a order to an integer number .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect to the api url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the same results of theano variables explicitly use the same result as theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a image of array into a flat array of labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  username   qt
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts a key string into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from progress response .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   python
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a users playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  displayed   display
truth:  order   order

test:  compare two unique path components .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given an iterable of lists .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the template for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers in the application .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded file for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a path to the default sys .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  return   path
truth:  provide   null

test:  prepare a string for use in tests .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   generate
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints a datetime .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an error page based on the provided error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  build a config object for a jupyter system .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  walk   files
truth:  null   section

test:  show an entry in an chassis .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  adds a new plugin spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  config   custom
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a nice configuration file on the system .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  reverse   import
truth:  if   null

test:  copied from a private key and set it in another environment with a new key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  ajax view for certificate requests .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  view   null
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  test the resource allocation of a resource .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a row to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  converts   field
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with a noheader method .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  creates a get_html .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read users s3cache from settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  settings   properties
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this returns a handle to the life of the life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of file names in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generates style loss for a single action .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   context
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears an event on a space based on its pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that all a valid composite composite format .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  write   a

test:  return an iterator over markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  returns   crash
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  run   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns list of lists of emailmessages fields .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   number
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a line of original characters .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   text
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  argument preprocessor for functions that return a single argument .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  performs   checks
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a look up the dns records for the specified domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  given   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  create a filename based on a path passed to the path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  enable the trace hook of python code .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  set   set
truth:  call   pdb

test:  gets an entity service object for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to the tests .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  account a transfer a remote host using the transfer tool tool .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  list   calls
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url remove the database and a scheme .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare prepare prepare prepare a jid to prepare as the job queue this is to do any dont collide dont collide collide or prepare prepare
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to its native python object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   in

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of three three deviations is greater than three series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test es functionality .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns the string as a valid currency string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a list of the calculators calculators .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a certain key to be returned .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  only load if boto is available and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for a form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a single bytestring or url with the data passed .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something expressed in the icrs function check the icrs column dont have received .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string so it can be used as a normalized string .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  return   null
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove {% if any of the given package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  import   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that assign a class to an existing class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  is   name
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy an installation file from source to another destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of lists .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  turn   print
truth:  convert   app

test:  get the indented docstring in mako from a given docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  based   a
truth:  fill   a

test:  returns directory .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in a given list of tables in the database
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an ssl_options wrapping wrapping a preventing context that should presented in an ssl_options context .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a full url from a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if incomplete upload file is complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  null   return
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a mapping of result as a query string .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt state data and display it as a consistent with the pillar data .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  handles af_inet6 of an array of yields: for a given {a .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  select   compute
truth:  list   list

test:  for weighted resizes .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   16bit
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves single volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add given function to an optional class .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if were running through a directory .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return text on the uniform uniform and the packagesite .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   reverse
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a decorator that checks whether the characters is authorized to a boolean value .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  define   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory of directories .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  return   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  creates the directory of a directory .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  like   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  look for emailmessages in the corresponding tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the source image into the clip .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  filename   urls
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter that checks if a filter is connected .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of stored in the specified users cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a list of approval requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the input data components to camel camel .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function called only .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash bash .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and files for external resource and resource javascript .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that skips a function or method on python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with the current site configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set all parameters that are provided as module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating build a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate a single evaluate elementwise .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   dumps
truth:  null   eval

test:  given two wsgi events .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  records   utility
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the facet facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  executes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign a floating ip address .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  return   show
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  returns   range
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  look up the mako search for a given server .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  port   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release command section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  makes   multiple
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record as a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the vector with each row of the specified kind .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   find
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  convert a path name from a path system-specific to a directory part of prefixes .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  does   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches that github api methods should be the same document as the document .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  use   tests
truth:  dedent   null

test:  convert a path expansion as android .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache for the given setting .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  ensure that the given string is found .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records into python objects .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  like   null
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error raised raised outside the given node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  are   attempts
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   orv

test:  create a dynamic element in a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  return dictionary of result values .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   keys
truth:  performs   a

test:  run a command and return true if the go go as a named key .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  bench   null
truth:  return   return

test:  testing that the text output is actually chart the feature .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses findtexmf to obtain a command from a given event command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  read   null
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files in a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a new binary server .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of warnings that are not already been added to the settings for the specified warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure an apache key is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to indentation color space conversion .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the cost cost of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a file name for the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  file   get
truth:  name   name

test:  this function is called to recommend when the sourceranges is marked .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   top
truth:  return   top

test:  get the lists of the lists in the directory .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine the list of option to display in the virtual environment .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message about the info log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  send an system manager to a user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  if   add
truth:  add   a

test:  turn a version string into the version .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs the wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns whether the given request is the authenticated view .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta with specified write mode seqs: list of seqs .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the ssh public key cli example: .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  increment   count
truth:  generate   generate

test:  lists all enabled plugins on the system .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  delete bucket with a custom delimiter delimiter .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  python object to minify json so that it can be used as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  prepare sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  traverse   usage
truth:  make   null

test:  create a file if it doesnt exist .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  creates   temporary
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of the file in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  get a dictionary of the dependencies for the given child dict .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function converts val to html .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  returns   val
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the has_prefix and build the datacenter for the given datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the filetypes for a given sqlalchemy filter .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of order strings and returns a dictionary of the order .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns an answer for a given exploration .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  lowest and highest values over a specified period .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  initiate a coach with a coach at given course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   method
truth:  set   set

test:  test verifies and after a previously set of fixtures .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  called when files do not have been modified .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  null   a
truth:  process   process

test:  return the url for the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of compiler arguments reproducing the list of config filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are duplicates in the duplicates of the duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads a link to a bad grid .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clone a repository into a single directory .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the graph from the input nodes of a graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  entry point for conversion .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the subnet group exists at the specified elasticache .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   details
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  try   try

test:  read text table designed for data .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot dot product of a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first where the handler exists and query from the specified buster .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  computes the median of a taskinstance test .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified url and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for the download_base with the current
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   filter
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code in a single slice-thing .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merges   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to use with a specific value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  represent the given property in any symbol .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure empty iteration break .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove an iis application pool .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  half-open half-open is a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm information .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parses   files
truth:  parse   parse

test:  replace any bound errors in the configuration .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation of a single matrix .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the *nix directory .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   null
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that a tricky is a renames .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  make   obj
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a generator that yields all of the dependencies present in a repository and its received present in the repository from a repository .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  get the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the version of the release version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  choose   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception when given is importable .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   test
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if the file has been modified .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  null   list
truth:  if   null

test:  lx lx export-aria2 .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  use   null
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a glob path .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the connected graph of a graph g .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter out data using data returned by data .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  determine   filter
truth:  return   data

test:  builds the host for an event spec .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends a successful oauth url and yields the relevant query string .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback invoked when a server is changed .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  compares two ldap pairs .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of tags that are created with the given ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the given object has a staff mode on the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  if   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to assert a l{deferred} of a given initialization .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the python module is present in the path .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  change   compile
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt system .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  it should be the classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice of the elements that will be returned by the appropriate trigonometric .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  function   function

test:  ensures that starting a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to check if a method needs a review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   check
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns the flat list of tags for a given tag .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  given   activation
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from a tetragrid .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a mount point file that returns a fid instance .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  create   a

test:  return an banana-encoded flag for the requested set of integer values from the flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  return   description

test:  return a new set of strings which is the sequence of the sequence .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  split   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate all files under roots that should be considered as a directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to chown the current deployment directory and need to store the deployment .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  check if the directory is into the file into this directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  use   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  get trailing comments for given url .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and transformation of recent .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the array sfunc on a numpy numpy array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  list   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of the static static static static static static page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  like iter_fiels but can take precedence over the data passed to the type specified by iterating .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save information about a task definition to a new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  displays a string so that it is not present in a true .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut to create a new socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  to   replacement
truth:  given   null

test:  a directed .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the given sidebar is present in the cache .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ask   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of user names for all users .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes the specified tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  add   add

test:  sets a text on a widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates whether the keys in inverse are "services" .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  define   null

test:  run slicer with options from a file-like object .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the bokeh number in the bokeh view .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  use   new
truth:  define   new

test:  given a pil .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  upgrades the db api but database record .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  null   database

test:  normalize a list of values for use in a minusminus fashion .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the virtual spec object .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an http response to an http response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine if a given node is eligible in the specific node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  returns an xblock that maps the given course info to the given course info .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  common code to the ca ca certificate name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a efficiently distance matrix .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  string   null
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  generates a _tostan loss from a positive code .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample each element of an expression .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  converts   log
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a decorator for methods that accept a query and create a result for each other .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the given dir .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if n is a tree of tree windows .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  null   up
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set a database for database that matches the given connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  context manager for writing utf-8 file descriptor to catch the file .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  lock   context
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little more advanced that is a little little parameters .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   a

test:  it can be passed as not served .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   node
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  downloads   delete
truth:  showing   null

test:  validate that all the runner parameter override the given reference .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold isodata .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   data
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  show the pklz checksum of the command line .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  run   multiple
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an image object from a given api context .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   info

test:  pick the memoized genelatex .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  return   a
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the cookies list isnt changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of policies to merge the different expressions .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a function that can be used for testing one or more web page .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove whitespace from a string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  string   string

test:  determines if certificate exists .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to this host in a specified host system for each cluster; cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and verifies a optdict value for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  function   function
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy of database .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  function which parses the workflow set for the supplied workflow .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  if   function
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack source into a dictionary of sources .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  null   classes
truth:  list   list

test:  fit a single model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  strip   null
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize spider log for given spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the polynomial of the vector in z of a .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  applies   compute
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  the entry point for all of the application .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified policy .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap a function so that it can be used on one of the wrapped and elements of the sessions .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes an http channel to the given host string .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run the js tests in the console .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   task
truth:  run   run

test:  return a node containing the given id .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  return   return
truth:  default   default

test:  set disk profile profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  handle   profile
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name to a relative file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple extras with extras from a configuration .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   runs
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform direct on a power of state .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   requires
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  strategy for rendering of strategy .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  check that no test cases are deduced .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  handle   chain

test:  get a sequence of the elements in a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  given   multiple

test:  looks up an email for the specified user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  delegate delegate to numerical a hex string .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer integer | integer integer | integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  resultant   norm
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  convert any values in a dictionary to its type .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns the central diff of the central diff .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  handles a placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  executes   helper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypts data with the given secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  installs   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array that maps the selected items to the selected tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot a single plot of a single date .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   configure
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the ed2k file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  fetches the correct state of an initial layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  defining   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a display image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gets the contents of a given file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  content   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load a module given its path .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a unicode string from a string .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces transcripts from a new fraction .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  handle   endpoint
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  given a url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given tenant record .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  returns aliased to deal with python argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  command   command

test:  converts a string to a bitlist list .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator to set getaddrinfo to all vm codes in cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  dictionary   cache
truth:  makes   a

test:  shift_expression : shift_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  same behavior of alpha .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  convert   downloads
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of items in an array .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   one
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   bson
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of the keys of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  disabled? and validate settings when they are visible .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  writes the indentation of a text to an existing line .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  given   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   media

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  convert   hook
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to send the task by creating a task with the same time as the response .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  header   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  register a class with the given type name .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python function against a new-world bug .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   a

test:  alias for studio .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a double expression 0 .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   products
truth:  expr   expr

test:  fetches an exploration from a given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes executes .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   matching
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve supplied name to the server .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url and a url and a where .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  actually load a epochs object with randomly epoched .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  test   add
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest integer i indexes .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to all the paths of all the given files .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to the label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  host   host
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check contacts .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  null   session
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes with limited fields for rendering the alias and select the parent id to select the parent alias .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a list .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   null
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to unicode .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions from each lexer in the consumed .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   one
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket set bitbucket to bitbucket for bitbucket requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin <m2+repository+cleanup+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   ansicolor
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new dict with keys of the keys in the passed tupleize .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   items
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points from the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves an object to the database .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  saves   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the next segment of a file as a file object .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get information about the xfs filesystem .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   block
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  default implementation of self .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   negation

test:  given an importtask .
truth: as above . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  obtain   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs a file lookup .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  find   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  this method is for an modular module given an external module .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for a given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the aws key for the specified key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given an api_key .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the submodules of kivy .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   null

test:  determine the test tolerance for each session .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  float   norm
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  parses a csr or pem request .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   certificate
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history stub for the hg .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checkpoints a transaction from multiple ssh .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   product
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a name of a gdb instance .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  tell the writer to send the writer modules to a file object .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   git
truth:  null   policy

test:  return a string describing the alias for the specified alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a colormap instance .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if dhcp options exists on the given resource options .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  returns hikkake escape characters in string .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages which contain been imported .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  update   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  return the text of the file contained in the directory tree .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  file   in
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the given api identified by restapiid cli example: .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   api
truth:  deletes   a

test:  app "harvest" into app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return the number of a precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to an s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the current movie .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  creates a template resource definitions for it as a template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a boolean .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the overridden callback from the file system .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a sinusoids sinusoids method in a nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  give   null

test:  resets the local revision for the given resets .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  requires that the user is logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash a direct .
truth: remove message . 
test:  url   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  determine whether the input headers are websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  print all preprocessor .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   override
truth:  list   list

test:  the main function runs this module .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  null   point
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is relative to the given file name .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get client_id for given doc .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   addresses
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if postfix is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  if   update
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a single package with a passed package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   plot
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a salt signal handler .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   up
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an array to a string containing a basic array .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  converts   custom
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper method that filters the patterns that also include any patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data based on the string type .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  given a path .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   list
truth:  update   style

test:  extracts a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url corresponding to python domain .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  compute   polynomials
truth:  construct   a

test:  it should return capsys version using apps .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  null   part
truth:  null   part

test:  create a rule instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   user
truth:  add   user

test:  fetch a user from the provided username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the combined version of the incoming shows the strategy for a derived name: manifest .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  exposes plugins to the context as deprecated .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  import   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer for the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  on atomic files in the given filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  call flask function .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  if   state
truth:  function   function

test:  return the default fqdn class .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an empty vfolders tells which differs to install pip .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  check   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits record in fits format to fits format parameters format : fits string or fits wrap the record date .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  record   record

test:  decorates a responder function to handle restful restful and find the responder .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  tests the user to see if it can be multiple .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  file   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  use *char* .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  use   function
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  converts a timedelta object to a timedelta of seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  returns a dictionary of the system metadata for the given bcpy average .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a dictionary of the signature in the secret key .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the specified axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the user for the given user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  look up the user and get the oauth call .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the multiplication of the given vector .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  subtract   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to add a timestamp in the widget of a given widget .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   a

test:  given a view .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  view   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  runs   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string into a list of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a set of layers in a set of intermediate .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the given html string into a form of the form .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate tests to catch the wrapped attribute this is the function automatically run uniquely operations and job methods .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get win32 string .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  required function to play a nice annoy .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  time   a
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload count of the file .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the indices of the elements along an axis .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  return   discrete

test:  do not allow a file download a hash .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send email notifications to multiple email .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   email
truth:  given   a

test:  set parameters used by the api in the ipsum command .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   information
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get beautifulsoup beautifulsoup beautifulsoup background ids .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  like   like

test:  collects all the files in the given document that match the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  document   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  test for resource finding .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure invalid version is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns all parameters that are query vars by the given query parameters vars : dictionary q of variables vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  run   multiple
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter handlers from a markdown of 8625e03 .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  filter   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new sha1 hash of the hashing distribution .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   interaction

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean out the component from a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  take   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers using the given compresses .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the current site url for the given host .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  return   return

test:  python 2 .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start and then check if empty trash is empty .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called on a single socket .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  tests creating a suggestion file .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a boolean array into a python boolean value .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  to   stuff
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes an existing document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a tuple of markup .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  null   form
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursive dir trees in files .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  github   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for different functions that have changed functions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   method
truth:  update   update

test:  expands a set of attribute strings into a single attribute as arguments .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string referring to a apache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  is   input

test:  generate a l{filelogobserver} to use for stochastic stochastic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  block   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  recursively return a file data set .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  escapes the first variable passed in a list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  returns a mac address formatted from a given mac address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from an fpath module into a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  adds   new
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  retrieves   library
truth:  define   null

test:  check that prefilter also raises an exception when given a class fails .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   attribute
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers an image to be the output of a module while protecting the output of the context manager .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   set
truth:  registers   null

test:  explicitly release an internal date to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  attribute   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is created on a node with a l{bytes} only can only be run on a node with a l{bytes} stonith stonith in the cluster node
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered child actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  show   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the given matrix is a hermitian matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log correction with expected equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service to disabled name the name of the service to remove .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  a decorator that ensures a transaction is run in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_one_default_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that include_names is as a number of lines between 0 .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   history
truth:  null   readers

test:  remove all installed apps .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  callback   points
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes a value to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  slugify   function
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if the item passed is a valid one .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  look up the comment in a comment .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write the logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check for missing template tag .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and clifilters .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in a keyspace cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate a function with a given argument .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  url .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a set of partitions from a partition of size .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  dataframe   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   handles
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the given closest scrapy .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  function   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the error error error page .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a known color name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links to ctypes .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test a unique join between an arbitrary join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  helpful for a bug type .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   information

test:  close all of the logger for easy easy .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  return links to be used in the main page .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that mysql is running as running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile correctly when given error is compile .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory on another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks if a certain number is an expression of a power of k-neighbors .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the intersection of a variable .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the config options for the checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  git   wrapper
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of a single day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  create a repl function in a nice log .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine the given enc .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which are not caching to manipulate the cached item in the cache .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  return true if a server uses the local port is on a port and the server .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the user provided in the constraints constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  check   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path of the requested user .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  function which checks if the main file exists .
truth: main loop . 
test:  control   section
truth:  loop   loop

test:  creates an http request object with the given http request object .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   a
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  null   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  returns the template from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  create   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return the number of total_seconds that are in the string .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   -
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade a line with the manager .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks if the given nictag exists and has the default nictag nictag : false .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  simulates   f
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run getoption on all root directories .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  dumps   fixes
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  converts a file:// path to a file path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update available locales cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  run   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  masters task into a single database .
truth: main program . 
test:  truncates   product
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a utilities query string into a list of dictionaries .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  datetimes   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of email entities for the given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over the each object .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return all python modules .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   get
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function compares two diagonals matrix in a half-open matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert partitions on a list of sparse clusters .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  dataframe   test
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ]]] token using the provided key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  module   in
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge the given volume .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   group
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit events .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task report to the corresponding task report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the sentence expansion of the given vector .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  null   variant
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start context manager for the given process in a context manager .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of the file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  source   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the given target/ident/fn structure matches the given structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  if   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if value is a valid string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  does a sites/apps string like a tuple .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a locale name which is used in the default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  given   a
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the them by causing them to raise them .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a string value .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  given   a

test:  walk though the directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   changes
truth:  null   a

test:  find the last element of each block of an entire block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  copy   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build a path like target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  create   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch used for unset passwords .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version string or a release .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that skips a function or method on python 2 .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the current time in milliseconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  parameters obj : pandas dataframe or quantile : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  derive   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  generate a password digest for a given username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  password   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon aws connection .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  return   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send database command .
truth: send create database . 
test:  null   tables
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for orders .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get open ip address on a thread .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  change the default login name cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  delete   interface
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result suite given tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  find   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  attempt to set git values in the git repository .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  set   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   profile
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  make   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns python modules in the given directory .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of dictionaries .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command on docker remote host .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  null   command
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  an fingerprinted decorator that returns a signed signed string .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list wrapper to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field meg products using legendre polynomial series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   content
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  command   command

test:  common 500 response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial f in mathbb z[x_1 .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns an object that matches a given event on a specific event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas the image principal .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  generate   prints
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check new line field for the given curve of the given geometry .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  int   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a regular expression string with all matches the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the results of the given data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the set of small .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared error metric at the bottom error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts a hash value to a string of the corresponding ascii values .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  display   display

test:  writes a string table to a file .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  change the request to lowercase .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  this save image to be loaded in the data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the ldap class specified by other lights .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  creates   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 pss signature or verification .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   a

test:  const_value : list < field_type > .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  clears the cdao dag for the given task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return numpy docstring of obj .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  object   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  like :func:escape but converts none to decoded decoded bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of the strings .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy files in a copy of the given file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  take   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the windows username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using -e install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves the configured indexes for the datastore .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make sure the test passes .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   signals
truth:  test   test

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that are in the given r+1 .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  if we dont use the compiler .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  input   refresh
truth:  null   null

test:  download data in a coordinate file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   api

test:  return the global file path of the finder file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   function
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the mnist data source is set .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  test   remove
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  returns a unicode string representation of a given string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   version
truth:  string   string

test:  get a block device mapping from the passed image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  sent   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to designate an api level of a function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  generate a timestamp for a given year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  find the request for the specified layer .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  function   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  transform a list of issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a context object .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the output of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through all example filenames and return a list of filenames .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  adds a collection to a collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  return   create
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function so it is not needed .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> step .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the json object .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  used   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  activate a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^e + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  yields modules whose field should be filled on the given app .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  grab   sync
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract write_file patch defining a given file .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  ensure that its possible to use for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  password   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the postgres module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  works   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter in "faster" mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  display   xlwt
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  convert a string into a numerical .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to an executable command .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  command   command

test:  it can one delayed limit if the app is one .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check that service tags are available .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return the harmonic type given a float .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of hosts for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of str or str of shape for the given shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  the probability test plotting the plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  training   test
truth:  load   load

test:  try to get a dictionary of global language setting .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python group pattern .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of dictionaries .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   email
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of disks from the given job .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new repository .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  determine whether a job is background or not .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin containing the calculated file for a margin and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a plugin from the filesystem .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  take   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  converts the given form .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  rows   a
truth:  change   a

test:  get the array shape where the first image in x .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for doc-building .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses an hardcoded id into rst .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  collect   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an objects candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email when a new request is created .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  sends   hook
truth:  request   request

test:  checks the gradient of the scalar twice .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   gradient
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   null
truth:  join   path

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the ndarray .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates and returns json string .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the urllib2 urllib2 from the http header and yield the header .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extract   links

test:  given a multi-line string .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load the ip address and return a list of ip addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  get   method
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql server .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   client
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the fetch of the git fetch is removed .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the desired mac address is present .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the datastore name to use in the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test to make sure that we can run programs .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  try to import the given file with the given name .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  read   content
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for url .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   check
truth:  need   need

test:  check if the specified service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an xml class into a profilesfeed object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  called   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  gets the security group rule for a given group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  returns a list of influence of axes in the given host .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  function   a
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write a file to the :rfc:2047 directory .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound constraints with jacobian constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   working
truth:  test   test

test:  list all call for a user .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  set   up

test:  create an excluding number of all groups of the passed k1 .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup test environment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  ensure   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find in a querydict fashion and return a python object .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random shear operation on a given shape .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  carves up a dict of the where first component is a dict of the where first encodings is exactly one of the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  start sync from a tarball .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   null
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: builds publish builds for the chain specified by the chain requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary builds .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  function to representation of html .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  splits   character
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetches the redirect redirect redirect on a given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves the given object and all the internals .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user to the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  writes all incron in the specified users incrontab cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the test filename for a test file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the most recently added id .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a openkeyex object to a rational rational object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   patch
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the conf light conf .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing timing timing events or errors as errors .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a unique initial hex string of the given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  register all past events in the static static response .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  send   resolves
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this should only checks if the first previously-started is marked as one .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   a

test:  set that the session size is correctly .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  given   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this function returns a string containing a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  starts no tests if were running in the visible analyzers .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  appends either the values for an array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  just a function that enforces the given after the callable .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  expand ~ characters .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  displays timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  view   view
truth:  display   users

test:  parse the ipv4 address string from a python address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  take an attribute with a query string and match it into a an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  determine   match
truth:  match   match

test:  register a function or method as a list .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute upper and a continuous range of subnet and a time in represents .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  authenticate against remote api but none .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  for testing .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all the emails assigned to a user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   version

test:  get a authentication list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new data record .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a datetime object to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  find the subsequently of a function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  use the settings in the django settings are isinstance and values .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  download the db and download the db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  download   download

test:  turn a version string into a standard version string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  regex   try
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the kinds of kinds or all kinds .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns induced size of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return file name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert string to a native string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  wraps   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to lookup a value on a specific value .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  function   try
truth:  to   try

test:  format a string for printing purposes .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  returns   indentation
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if an available module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  translate the text to a remote document .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for compatibility mode .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   build
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts data from file parameters .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  make a solution of command-line patterns .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the hypervolume of a unifrac-like with the least the hypervolume hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representation of a number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  project   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the python version string .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test two rows of filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the transformation between a two matrices .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   starting
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  function   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the signature signature as a string .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  given a polygon object .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert unicode character characters to utf-8 .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a virtual machine and an extracted object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  use   use

test:  this try to set up the security dependencies and merge them .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   python
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   modular
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  creates a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a certificate from the given certificate name the name of the certificate to remove .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  takes an instance of documents .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  require a evil_member language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  perform a postscript of command-line against a according to the given arguments .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if the given one matches the salt .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results against a given point and a modbus matrix .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  generate   entities
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  adds a __slots__ url to an url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test an fetch url from a file .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   fetch
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas schemas are available .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  assert   function
truth:  import   import

test:  generate x .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   none
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a new database file .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate is passing against the status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the address type for the given address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a page .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  list all the directories under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the model is set as pressed .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  find   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the title given by the title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  check   changes
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes inside the criteria .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  query   query

test:  helper method to format the platform string in a filename compatible format string .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that a development predict function outputs a fixed predict for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the get tag .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a list of nested lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the configured ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return list of elements of bounds with elements from the given list of lists .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   region
truth:  read   64bit

test:  simulates a draft to prereg and registrations registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent a string into multiple spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  given   a

test:  parse headers out of chal .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save the list of results to a file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a command from a watch watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  call   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list containers in the account .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  formats a datastore key as a string to a canonical string .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set log minus the mean(x) at the bottom of the edges between the two ndarrays by alpha .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  find the embedded list of strings from a finished list .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  turns   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a blend crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  return   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will this method will send an existing request to the users cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   request
truth:  create   create

test:  given the address in a python string .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  url with a fake model extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the footer of a footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   links
truth:  append   a

test:  given a string for a pkg name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   get
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the device of the passed data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node is from the first node of a node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  harami pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  start   master
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader for the given settings .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily clear any config item of a config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes a varint value and converts it to a varint varint using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  signed   compute
truth:  encode   a

test:  return an xml document based on the optionally metadata supplied .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  if   use
truth:  check   check

test:  validates utf8 or unicode string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   source
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the get_valid_filename values that are interable .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  null   set
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an incomplete incomplete context for each subsection structure .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and start .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a blob from google cloud storage bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  recursively ensure a source file .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a pipe with the pipe of a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  preferred   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a directly done by the function .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  simply use this function in this function .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  executes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new contact instance .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  null   a
truth:  launch   launch

test:  extract the elements of an collection of proppatch .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  view   new
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a multivariate such that a in k[x] .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  displays a running system halt cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   function
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a boolean value that matches a given network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  find new python source file and return unicode code .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of a page and save it as an ajax page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   update
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  returns the comment comment comment used for the current comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  resets   get
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using a polynomial equation .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for methods that do not change the first argument name .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file in the given file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  run windows on the command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a proto into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the given process is in the process name .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   check
truth:  name   name

test:  change group and group of user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  return   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the given activity_list for the specified user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  update   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests all arguments passed as the current host .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  null   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that checks results of the application .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a new .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transforms several locations or several variables to the path .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the intersection of the given server .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  submit submit contributors summary of a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a 2d element inside a string .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   errors
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data as the to_dict .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  read   in
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets a profile image on a profile .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   api

test:  split a given whitespace and whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of ones and returns it as a keras tensor .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   like
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to run the appscale command .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  start an function_definition test .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  displays   in
truth:  run   example

test:  test url from local .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove user the host to remove as absent
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  start a theano function across a theano variable .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   delete
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the request object .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  clean   source
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the number of users in a number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate checksum of a specified value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a generator that can read a sequence of lines from a string .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time string into composite format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the elements of a numpy array .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a table columns in fill_values should only replace columns or column .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the certificate order is valid and 7zip .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the balanced accuracy of a wsgi class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  null   context
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a path name to unicode on unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts nt figure to consumed .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   entry
truth:  convert   nt

test:  given a valid chain id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new shared shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection of an initial state of the collection flag was not reached .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the state of an object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if the user has cart cart processor :type cart_queryset: or is cart .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  if   view
truth:  if   checks

test:  build a folder for a node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  construct   request
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for a volume volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a timestamp to a long integer .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the unused port number as a single port .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix of the given degree in the given list of dimensions .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  writes truncated file fastq like n_colors .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   handler
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  called by rate .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute the token moment moments for the given order .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer are returned in the cluster .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check whether a given realm is a matches urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  normalized   normalizes
truth:  is   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder for use when the mako module is shutting .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to set a forum user .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the lg webos platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals integrals s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  returns dict of overlapping id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  generate   elements
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  generate a 1-d array with values for a given number .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a trakt and returns the expected health to read in the server .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  form   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given argument and returns a test .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark federationidentifier .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that can be used instead of a function .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs one or more security security files .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   callback
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update steps are created through lettuce update .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  count   update
truth:  are   models

test:  returns a form instance from a form instance and its parameters .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return a list of active instances .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  set   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a app file as a overholt .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure python data is compatible with python 2 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator validates that the function is called in an instance of validation or validation .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip vpc .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   vpc

test:  check that num_peaks with an invalid operands works .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a user permission to the given user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  attribute   server
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the kernel name .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get event log messages .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  var var .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  create   in
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see also .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a vdi .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the status group by a group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it doesnt support the scenario .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  null   print
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the circular correlation coefficient for the passed distribution .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse the analysis analysis of each curve .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  implement static files in static repositories .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random string/key of the given string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of the passed n .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service with the given name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  do the linear system ieqcons .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that returns a 404 error handler for the job .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find the regex in a list of nodes via xpath .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from the requestor .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of all objects of intermediate objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  converts the original row to a plain graph .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  converts   content
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize a report for given type .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a command and return its output as a result string .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  null   git
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream based on the jpeg of a stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  takes   point
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open the given directory in the given directories .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  file   a
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the entry point for markdown .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a raw or a path clone of the test .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a valid request object .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the application is eventlet .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  call   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  blocks uuid of uuid blocks to b@ab in uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup pid .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return the leaf returned by the given branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from a matrix .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the group of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve information about a device mode cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   information
truth:  report   report

test:  given a list of sequences .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this method is provided to get a list of api lookups .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  constructs an appropriate number formatted for a given locale .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  edit   str
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers exist in any state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  return   errors
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the state of the running state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  map   change
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a dictionary from the python dictionary .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  called   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combines the game into games of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the number of 4 bits needed to set the ipv6 netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  get   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the argument name for a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render an record-style template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  template   render
truth:  config   config

test:  get the backend class for the backend specified by the module and base .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return a tuple of result results which can use to model_found() .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux distribution for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  if   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test adding formatted formatted decimal field with a decimal decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   test

test:  remove all the folders from the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build an option instance from a wire instance .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  given   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve the thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill in file name like qwebsettings .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  it should allow you might properly import from using .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   up
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an etree queue to a queue element .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the content of a article string .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  callback   lookup
truth:  get   get

test:  sets default connection .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  entries   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub class corresponding to the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate python iosync if x is a unicode string .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the data matches from one file header into a list of segment segment section 9 .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  does   size
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train an iis action is created .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  do   one

test:  find a mime type in the form for a given mime type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   mime

test:  mocks the user header and return a json-serializable header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  snapshots that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  helper function for the dimension of the travis function .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  format   a
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  disables all available namespaces in the given version of the given version .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database returns a list of interactive app .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   api
truth:  executes   null

test:  construct a blockdevicedeployer case for a test based on a git threadpool .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  slope relu implementation .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   null
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert a version-2 description into a string of the image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  updates the specified host password for the specified host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy data and all the generated files .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current currently active reporter instance .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  get   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format the money amount according to the specified locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion that use the netvisor cli example: .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate swirl strength for swirl / image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the cached requirements for a specified file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add vector3 to the list of lists .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses in a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a protobuf for a given packing path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the truth value for the desired range .
truth: print returns . 
test:  called   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  t-sne utility function .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  if   test

test:  copy_query_dict - dont use free properties .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url or a path string into links .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the existing followers .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   episode
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a certificate from a given certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of configured modules as the string .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  explicitly return a deferred from a string .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  default   default

test:  dispatch an ajax action to an xblock .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute the normalized mutual info between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace the given image number with msbuild .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  write   version

test:  helper function for computing the correlation field or training .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  do   null

test:  force injection to be read as specified .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid eip disassociate bogus .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   eip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  block callback for the admin request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  called   a
truth:  use   use

test:  rap-music rap-music .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update the bound of a specified value .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler set pending build for promotion .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of all interfaces of a given module .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  groupmeans using upper triangular matrix .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tag .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for vertices of the score equal to the score of a given template .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address generate the host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters that is suitable for the specified datacenter instance .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme in the given host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  increment   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  sign   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a module in the name of the script .
truth: gui test . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a load-balancer location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of events based on the rule component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  access   union
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  null   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the instance from the specified provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if a purchase is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python source code for this process .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  extract the group type from an integer type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples of the eps function .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  does the directory lookup for a path on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  randomly sample sample ids from sample table and put it to a dictionary of samples samples is a list of sample metadata file samples samples from those those sample samples
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  returns   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  collect list of tuples and target files for the given list of targets .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  return   function
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a new user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure string is utf8 encoded bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  return   function
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single command-line argument .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user on the group .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  security security group from a security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  adds   signal
truth:  authorize   network

test:  input a graph out tool tooltip and outputs out .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  creates   greyscale
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of tasks by a common attribute .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a datetime object of the current datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  mutual distance between each categorical vector and y .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that we can convert translated fields to a translated field .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  markdown   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling set pending build status for the project .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the yeelight lights .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns ip address or a requests .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  serializes object from the pickle text .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   object
truth:  get   get

test:  it should be a temporary file .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dumps   custom
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if the given course is currently required .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip whitespace in data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function for tests that would have a cross test set .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a string representing the best zone name .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  not throw an actual packets .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  set   try
truth:  null   contributors

test:  creates an array of evenly spaced values from a step .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders page: displays all filters .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the installable versions of the repository .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   notification
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean the container rootfs mounting the container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function that handles a osf .
truth: log out . 
test:  delete   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  list media instance on media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  index   index

test:  creates an array of like integer .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  function   return
truth:  array   array

test:  returns whether this request is the role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  if   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove ['influxdb .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review members for a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the specified interface is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and close the http sessions .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  sets   close
truth:  saves   null

test:  display a useful report after setuptools output describing where the bokehjs action is installed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   information

test:  returns the nms file formats for a text file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  select   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that count of issues can be loaded .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts any object into a python object .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the log driver object .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the ranfunc instances .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  insert elements of a sequence into one with nested elements .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  value   value

test:  change the certain certain log2 and subtype .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  creates   print
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the package from the specified environment .
truth: return package info . 
test:  to   information
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of variables and returns a list of unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  attribute   names
truth:  gives   null

test:  private method exists to ensure that the gpu account exists .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  null   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether or not the computer will sleep for a string power if power is detected on power contains a string value of sleep button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  run one or more tests if necessary .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  install   run
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a base initialization .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  creates   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a class with the specified name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to check if the passed in function is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  asserts   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  run pending lookups on a specific action .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  update a context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the server whose script was previously created .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current character .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   approximation
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper function to format a timestamp .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   rfc
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function as a call to call a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  run   calls
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as a dictionary of lists .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  returns a list of all package keywords .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check 401 docstring start with nova start .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress security group from a ec2 security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  dummy function to stop an http error .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  ensure   error
truth:  null   something

test:  check if the request is allowed to be primes .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   start
truth:  if   null

test:  generates ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  null   click
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a cookiecutter not built with a cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a dict from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the vdi configuration variables for a vdi .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  callback   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if a disk disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  test stacked stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   logarithmic
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  str: the rate .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  ip   current
truth:  null   lhs

test:  if data_start is a mathbb delimiter .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  input   check
truth:  test   failure

test:  ordereddict ordereddict .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the null node contents .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the description for a given phonenumber .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts from strings to bytestrings .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute a sql query and execute it .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  generates a number .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the oauth url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  converts the earths name from markdown-extra to a set of annotations .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  works on string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  create the namespace string for attributes .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   return
truth:  string   string

test:  basic audio-power distance between the drag and amis .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a drac cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  lits network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18n from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that contactfield image can be loaded into the correct simple counter .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  check   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  orderline is a sibling node .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure out of the animations file .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get cythonize file extensions .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  updates   import
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get the xml element from the radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of the given token using the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  do   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the data created from a specified file .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  given   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a testsuite for all tests found in the given pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit itself .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  remove availability zone from a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  if   a
truth:  run   a

test:  serialize the atomic type for a single string .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  load   test
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the log base logbase < shannoninfo .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token using salt tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses information from a file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  look up the backup metadata for a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  given   function
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   message
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message from the specified thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve true if any of the indicate indicate that the specified parameters excluded : true if true .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  check   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  null   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  converts a string with base64 to a given string .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that can be ready to search for multi history .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  text   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test whether a directory behaves behaves as expected .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  converts an index type from structured index to protocol .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  get   neighborhood
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if a class has a known bases .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a list of layout instances .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a json json json file .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse a config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the xtheme .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the python source is a valid python namespace .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  create a web text in a given snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the symmetric standardized probability of a and weights .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  reads the status of a url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the filter list of filter deny set .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by decorator for each test in the path .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  provides   config
truth:  read   read

test:  check if a string is a valid uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the keys in the minion .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve the list of managed servers on the master .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a string referring to a form of filename .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a pybrain chart using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all the keys in an averaging representation .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  ensure that the unicode conversion works .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  proxies = lbrace a crop image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns class between a model between models and []changes .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the the state of the yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests whether nonvoid is marked as specified .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   self

test:  send an email to a course .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  function   object
truth:  time   time

test:  return a sqlalchemy tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  confirmation an email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the directory to the filename containing the file names in folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  display a single figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks if a string is alpha as alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for the default implementation of an gcc file .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a random string/key of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just checks that pydotprint does not crash in theano .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  extract xml environment variables from the given dictionary of xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stores all of the user that should have been modified .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  dictionary   alembic
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date in the format to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  returns a list of lists of users of a thread .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace hash and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number of the matrix starting from a datetime .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  returns   maximum
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path to the expand directory that contains .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  return   return

test:  step for frontend class .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run the psea file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  make   run
truth:  run   run

test:  completely try to clean out from the image in it .
truth: like node . 
test:  mount   node
truth:  like   node

test:  view view to configure the filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  set   index
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load the repositories .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes a string from an attribute with defaults .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  finds the absolute resource path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable size .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  start all files in the given file .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  clear   one
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return sub-navigation entries for a given dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if any of the unicode fields are unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the python 2 .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  strips   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get a unicode string that is returned by the api function .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  to   null
truth:  object   object

test:  call the given value with the new name and returns a new metricspec .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  given a form of items and a list of cmd .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  clean   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  loads the given data as training using the detects algorithm .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory on the system .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  checks that the given module is a tree of when one of the aggregate one exists .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface accumulation .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sets up the logging level .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return a timestamp for given time in milliseconds .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  time   function
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the downloaded downloaded .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the top level level .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key in the format that should be a key in an rsa format .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  import   import

test:  return the elements in only the elements on the elements a list .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return the not success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  if   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   normalizes
truth:  keep   null

test:  open the xml element .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the request headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read media file and return parts from filesystem .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   scan
truth:  reads   a

test:  return the path to the directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  retrieve   path
truth:  return   return

test:  confine this module to mac os with macports .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq enable event text to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  is_blank_line a chisquare that matches the execution of the path-like function that the path-like path-like k should have the path-like .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  flag   compute
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the clickable at the specified parameters as a clickable string .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   version
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  generates the elements of a list of features .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  updates a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the module in the given directory for the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  time   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that a editor is being performed .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collects a socket and return its socket .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  transforms a python module name into sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  set   argument
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a ping instance for testing .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that a code object does not have a dynamic code .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert dict or list into a dictionary with all items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a handle to the given struct tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  convert   a

test:  download services from the given string and return a piece of services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  null   discovery
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the index of given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that selectionchanged is visible correctly .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  does   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return a job id .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  assumes a given tree for a single tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns an extension code associated with the given name .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  unregister   null

test:  interpret a network from a string into a network representation .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  allows the editor to save the proper key in the proper table .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   caller
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the pillar .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  like   logs
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns the vpn status code and return a dictionary of vpn details .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a line of the input line with the given line .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   index
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the first sdk type for the latest version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of the request .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  cache the contents of the file into the file system .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops from loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a handler for the given basket .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package in a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   information
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns the specified key for the specified key from a foreign key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the acls list of acls and contacts are not created .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability matrix of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the given aes key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   function
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  match the specified list of options and options .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  cwd cwd .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  null   task
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  find in the code code code code source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  lay a linear equations .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether we can generate a file for other a graph .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace all occurrences of the docstring with a select stored in between the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   filters
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the old connections on the assigned user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage in tenant and tenant for a tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if virtualenv is whitespace inside a virtualenv .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a list of boolean expressions in the zero encoding .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the use_tz use_tz from a given account .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the polygon under a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  called   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a generator that returns the file generator .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a string of random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an shape to a n-dimensional shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  check   rgb
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  display   version
truth:  to   null

test:  minify css using arising .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  function   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure our test is not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  set python module level for each flask application instance .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   configure
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove elements of the list from a list or iterable of lists .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  counts   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  get harris points within chunk of : chunk of " .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is a ratelimited request .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load module version and return url .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return nonecur object of event on the provided wsgi server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  password   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  -   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  displays a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role for a single user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  null   role

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black gpio component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure grails .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a musicbrainz countries .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  threaded the given t7 string to a wrapped file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if comparing is a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  formats the snapshots summary of a derived collection of popularity .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on directory lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the eq-3 ble platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this view is used to sendfile the default request .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads given module .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user has a valid view classes .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  composes all episodes of a resource quality .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts the hex number to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  to   hex
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler instance .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts string into an existing string that can not be used as a subclass for angles .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  is   null
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks whether input type is of 0 or -t .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a template sets .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  returns   waits
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the directory of the system columns in the given directory .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  create   a

test:  resolve a facilitys object into a list of lists .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn the luhn card of a number of digits .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  site-wide a sql if it isnt a tuple .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  wraps djangos storage .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  file   a
truth:  function   function

test:  like repr() .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  to   null

test:  replaces characters in a string with symbols in provided string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt have errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalizes a string of its first title and cr .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show image data from a post-processing image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  list   a
truth:  show   image

test:  display a schema version of the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python string as a valid python name in encoding .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue #599 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  converts an xml node to a protocol stream .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the imports in both the current request and cut_off .
truth: internal function . 
test:  poll   commands
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dictionary of messages from a service .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  url   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source from the source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   add
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  convert a mesh in surface .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a notebook after the given notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  print   call
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if python module is the python module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  provides the admin model name for a comment admin view .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  performs rendering using django templating .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  form   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  make   matching
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if the specified credentials are blocked .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for basic models in pagination .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   validation

test:  this is just a method to get the default simply after the test runs .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences of occurrences of lg .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a reference to a given symbolic closing .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  calculates   master
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  function   function
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a content-range header into a tuple of .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the array of array elements of permutation .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert an ipv4 address in a sequence of integers to its respective form .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  this is a dashboard widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  split a pattern string by the imap4 function .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  issue a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup command line args .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   commands
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string is a valid python string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the spectral flux feature .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   metric
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code which will be an integer error .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  aborts   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion produce the jenkins downstream in the console .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest addrequest only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if a user is fully registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  jcr: a path from a list of full filenames .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color to a color number .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the top-level file name for the project .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send a notification event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  email   email

test:  join the value in a sequence using the argument string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  joins   append
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the repository directory where a given path is a repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert any keys in input to underscores so that they can be converted to a string in dicts .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  returns the intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of g .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of documents that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization on the training .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create items from a list of xml items .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a model on a dataset .
truth: train model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  create a connection to the daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  set   a
truth:  read   a

test:  displays the pilight message .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  running   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  creates an array of gf(p)[x] objects for each value in args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  deletes profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  deletes   linter
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  flask   restore
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  arg   returns
truth:  joins   a

test:  return a lexer object .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  check   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that the different protocol for an primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if params is set it doesnt have the params as defined .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  retrieve   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of all sql statements in the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to create a task directly from a fork .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a test harness: harness: .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new dashboard dashboard in the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  add sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  compute the continuous form of *a* .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  issue #32 .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that all flags we are present in the check .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available applications .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  null   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  alias for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   basestring
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data from a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  command   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for an packages in the query tree .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns true if a is a two merges .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  converts the common data into a string of the form .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  perform any new contributors contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  default   function
truth:  null   contributors

test:  ensure that unicode messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  test working_copy() with a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  executes a command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  to   list
truth:  match   match

test:  do a *figure* cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  -   -

test:  check that the evaluation evaluation correctly handles y .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create a histogram summary for a given tensor .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure the name passed to the system is valid and percent .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to skips a pure backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  log   log

test:  get a specific dashboard profile .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  alternate write & write one unit .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   one
truth:  write   one

test:  order nodes in order to find unique elements in order .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send a function to a specific less queue .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and install rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two lists of indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   comparison
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetches a file from a destination to a destination directory .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   display
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  generates the binary point for a set of numbers .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  error   compute
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets a dictionary of data from 2 wiki wiki a usable wiki info as a dictionary of 2 so that the data is a usable as a list of 2
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the set of 4 combine strings in a square matrix .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  blocks   add
truth:  produce   a

test:  returns a function suitable for the given cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the master database from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  handle   loop
truth:  called   in

test:  imports the class of a class to serialize a node .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  null   up
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids public activity stream of user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method that can be used as a result to print a result of a result .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  print   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task to a string of microseconds .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a new process instance to be executed when it is launched .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  set   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the content type for the given accept type .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  decide   return
truth:  choose   null

test:  this method will return the url for the given request .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a long string to a static file paths .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   replace
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the number of divisors of the given expression .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage prepare scoverage .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   doxygen
truth:  null   null

test:  closes a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of the arguments in the given list of arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   age
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until it associated with a given project .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  calculate   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a list of variables that are not in the given reverse and group .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording specified env .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  update the list of blog posts posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  if   tasks
truth:  update   update

test:  this creates a user .
truth: create a user . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the key for the supplied hashes .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic at its brand .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  get a row from a row of the given row .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  return   number
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image properties .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes all database otherwise one pull request .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return the conda versions for this package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  set the partition id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  automatically call daemontools with sending a sending draft .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through the statements in the statement that can be found via the different apps .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that dist extractors is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  ensure we can support it can support the servers connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a set of output file with one set of the output .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  newegg = google symbol .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively copy data and all its source files .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to create an brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  remove the lexer/parser directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  clean   loop
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  make the default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  shortcut to ssh command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the order of the string x .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode and relative to unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  return   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a number of bytes into a human-readable string .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  like   product
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if pygithub is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named color .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  count the number of non-zero elements in an array a in linear time .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the feature function replaced with the same arguments .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of stored records from a remote location .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  list   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an integer value of the active app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   message
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test the default values of values as default .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the section of the given ip name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html string from an html fragment .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   try
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove runas user to run the user as absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method object from a method name .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a database defined by the given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   a

test:  determine the model_fn segments that currently used for toolshed .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a google actions .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  null   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from a twos level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   handles
truth:  publish   null

test:  creates a new consumer .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   logos
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for computing dummy variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   shape
truth:  function   function

test:  private function for mutual train/test this should be used to regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the maximum nodes of the cpu architecture on the cpu architecture .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  supported   return

test:  find a sequence of bytes in a string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   elements
truth:  null   null

test:  look for credentials in credentials that an existing credentials are valid .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  to   build
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the schedule guard for our tests .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a x509 file .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file and create its final file .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fetch all the links in a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   null
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal tal data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to generate a dictionary of target oscaddresses .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  module homepage .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts the value of a given buffer into a list of python values .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  reset the cached conf .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a key .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   dictionary
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is not in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a url to send to a repository of the readme for a repository defined by the readme of the readme section 9 .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return physical status from lvm name cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the class of the given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file logs from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  list   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path string into a dataframe or none if a path is a string that is a single column .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  split   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  given images .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   null
truth:  base   base

test:  reads a socket from a socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ajax at a time .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  for the given wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies a test .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy a file to media test .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  copies   a

test:  try to parse a media-range from an offset string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  given   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  execute command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   keys
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh stream in the bokeh kind .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  function   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build the path from node1 to node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from src to file .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a service to the appropriate module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse a pty-req data request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that exists in the geos tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a given year .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  copied from a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   null
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the configuration value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return the current record domains cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an a browser widget for the provided parent .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the scope level of the scope .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  calculates csrf token for matching csrf token .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  store   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the author of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  given   return
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  add a content to the current languages in source .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to get a step step size for a given step step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  look for a function in parallel and longopt the function is a function to open the timeout for it in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   element

test:  create a form form that can be used as a form to generate .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  create   a

test:  set psychopy version string .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  check   null
truth:  manage   paths

test:  retrieves an entity by skill it as the specified number of entity .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove a date from the specified file .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all the descriptors in the given plugin .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of choices that can be used as one .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   return
truth:  list   list

test:  prints mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   file
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a batch iterator of a single iterator .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  splits   x

test:  gets the timedelta from the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a cursor is supported by the system .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  have   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  creates an instance of the space2depth space2depth .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a model schema to a model class for the given model class .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  add   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a generator of named temporary directory .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  pass in a code to a string .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  null   in
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  sets   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with get information and return it as tuple with get information about it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications as deleted on post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its name .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime object to a time in the current time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of the zeros of n in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  function to return the value of a certain function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the string name of a function name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   null
truth:  match   match

test:  read out llite stats from directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  list   osc
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked pandas implementation .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  find a python traceback in the given []non file and return it .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: inject-passwords start critical in the console log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  it should extract the scenario matches with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the given file from a given directories .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  call no errors after no interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  to   subprocess
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f in f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  host host interface note: this function accepts all standard hostinterface: ip address string and creates the output from the specified ip .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  host   point
truth:  create   new

test:  load given path from directory as directory .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  load   tf
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that methods do not throw a formatting .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  null   create
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   method
truth:  constructs   a

test:  context manager to ensure the parent directory is cleaned up to something .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  marks   everything
truth:  given   a

test:  like pydot but always works on a pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  create   a

test:  view function that supports event with a user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  to   function
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud crud for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads the modules setting from a module .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the access token from the passed app .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse an data string like data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  same as pre-existing but for unquoted .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column name into start and target .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   fixes
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit underscore .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  concatenate a file in the current figure .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  like   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  multiplies the tensor along a tensor .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  finds   reduction
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generate a random discrete discrete stochastic images on the half-open of the discrete stochastic .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from the rsa exponent .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  factors   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  returns whether or not we are cron .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the screen in the session buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line argument to create the user .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the agent settings available on the minion .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  list   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the zookeeper text that the zookeeper location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the last web error code is the administrator on windows .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  check if the supplied url is valid .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default language encoding for the given encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  use in a string argument to return a string .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   pick
truth:  use   in

test:  create a given lxml dict given the parent of parent .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check a cpaste code code to see if a users code code is reached .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  code   code

test:  compute the data files in a sequenceexample file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   count
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace masked masked columns in fill_values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the passed url has already been configured .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  context manager that handles a new environment and get/create it .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   a
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return a parsed comment format that matches the comment comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a process is swapping a swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the con code of the forwards lookup by the provided schema .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  given   a
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize a rnn state object .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  run a node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  starts   runs
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the given file .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  as a workaround for future .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned user is not a com object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid id or b[ .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of build a sequence of integers and sorts them .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns a pep string .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  email   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a mock response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  function   try
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints the host string for the given host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  convert passed condition to float .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  check   docstring
truth:  value   value

test:  computes the symmetric mean of a matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the user username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   username
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this returns a more mesos header for a vary request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  ensures   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  name   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  get all available outliers .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the url from remote sources this assumes a remote machine is in a remote machine .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  check if movie is seekable .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start the file system and start the unix file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   python
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter rate limit .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  returns true if this tree is equal to the given tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the signature of the secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a grid .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set of all the functions of the cost cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cuda error object for a given sql query .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  error   configuration
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns a xsrf token that is used for the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the trim reference with the given space .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make the api call .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  updating   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  generate an absolute path for the given file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the requested preferred output .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   admin
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test error measure .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load the named service cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure a value is a localizable string .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  look for a version of git repo .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   poisson
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts the usage usage of a course to a course structure .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  pass   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the tables in the ui tables .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  read   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authentication password hash .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  try   try

test:  check that the user is any permission to require a view .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get all users in the currently logged-in user as a json address .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a domain and a mysql mysql pointer .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the circular along an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  initialize the first item in the first element that is not defined in the first half of the first element .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if _item_ is a list of one-element .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if the port of the ports for the running system .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  squares fit a regression problem with python binary .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  computes   override
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of between server performance performance of included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a user is database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  sets   builder
truth:  null   a

test:  performs a stylesheet lookup .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  applies two dicts of order values .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register a migratin .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   import
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  run   a
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts data types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   a
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier character .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate use of the generator which base64-decode base64-decode .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  same as q .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  function to convert an integer or a single variables to a certain variables .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  turn   shape
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the environment for the release encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  load   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the local cache for the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local url .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert a boolean array to its boolean values .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the managed port spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches a descendantaddresses scores for the given user .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  index   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  allow a user to have a staff course .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads the labels into a numpy array of mnist ids .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all the repository from the user .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  builds a list of all the system tests that do broken unless the given test .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  run   a
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a default type of the default type for a specific type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new port object .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates an event against a listener or raise a valueerror exception if listeners is not a new exception is not a graph .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test if a user is not provided .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey string into a dbkey name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  name   like
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the path for a given file path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  takes   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach a message to a given address and send it to its headers .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  read   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local repository in the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  calculates a miller-rabin and a del .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest snapshot e from order .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  resolves variables to a scatter over the corresponding object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  given   replacement
truth:  slices   a

test:  returns list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get inset path .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate given qos specs from specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a single organization .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   tenant
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value for a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian state parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the desired annotations is installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  check   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the modbus contents .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the device is prepend or not .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit the post call to the given request .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   reports
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  return   show
truth:  list   list

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  function   function

test:  in a collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  given a list of relation info .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  null   salts
truth:  describe   null

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  filters out files in a suffix that are not builtin .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert unix ticks into a date instance .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module from the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   sorcery
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  running   running

test:  apache the file content of the given filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  given   a

test:  a html search for all pair in terms .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  count   example
truth:  module   module

test:  return the shell and a set of func on this system .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  read user data from a list of choices .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration db .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of urls that contain crash .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   arrays
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   complex
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given iterables to a flat iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  check to see if rdp is enabled on the system .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  return   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first first item in seq .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  take the machine and return the same weekday as follows: .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  returns   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generated generator parameters to handle script from the request .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  stop a machine by name and wait for the vm to actually stop .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for old test files that use the base class .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   registry

test:  return the amount of migration records in the current database .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to get a pickleable file for the given project .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize a string for an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  text   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the spline filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   spline

test:  executes commands and return a list of command-line arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  create   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the list of active items for the specified queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  show   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python files in the package and its subpackages :type package: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that pdbbreakpoint -> gpu gpu op .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   batch
truth:  change   change

test:  check if there is some running cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   null
truth:  show   show

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  output   script
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a decorator to enforce wsgiapp for a :app:pyramid :term:view api call .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the path component of a path on the filesystem .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  join   up
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string representation of the given text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  remove   characters
truth:  does   null

test:  converts binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  string   string

test:  return a string representation of the time object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate a string to a unicode string .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  null   deserialize
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects by name cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults of an diagonalization .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  make   null
truth:  assuming   a

test:  simple wrapper around background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  get the python path of the current default environment .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller - unfiltered version .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the service name for this windows service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  show   properties

test:  determine the file descriptor for the given path using spawnd .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator for use of complete tests that use the decorated function as the wrapped class .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  to   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: managed-script specifies the url scm repository for a job .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   function
truth:  url   url

test:  login to the main command-line tool .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  -   null
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of grouped data after a slice .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  slice   columns

test:  helper function to generate a indentation range of the passed size .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of existing projects that the template supports elastic api .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that builds a function in a simple scope .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  change the environment variables for the supplied process .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  sets   node
truth:  supply   null

test:  retrieves the best match for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to fsync add files to a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  call   call

test:  take the client and compile it into the environment .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  index   redirect
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull out the remote .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the announcements for the given object with the static_url setting .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an op .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  make   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data from the minion datastore .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse an http www-authenticate header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the maximum likelihood estimator .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  function for creating a key which returns the digest for a given key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  return   in
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  update the hex rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  supplied   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html support for the payment payment processor .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays the app as a list of fields .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  displays   members
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a single request to the socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  check if object is a container parameters .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   test

test:  feature feature probability .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in a pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  returns the unicode string with the supplied encoding .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  package   return
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered fasta input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep elements from parse_fasta parse_fasta .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  get a valid descriptor descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  use   a
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a json list into a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the attenuation of legendre scale for the given scale .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator that will be called by the client .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  iterate   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  format a human readable format as a long string .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  seconds   format
truth:  format   a

test:  type delete request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  resample with two binary color .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major .
truth: returns x . 
test:  null   list
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns the xblocks xblocks for the xblocks xblocks of all xblocks .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart rendering with a none serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  find the complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   import
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a path is a link for the specified path .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  this is needed to have the same number of a and b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   obj
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given function in the filesystem filesystem .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  update   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the specified time service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a random integer of the pages on the given pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load an image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  multiply multiply .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  see   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with the authn context declaration .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of the python modules which are supported .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the files in a python file .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create_connection -> registering create a suitable for python object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find the first matches in a dictionary of lookup commands .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   return
truth:  search   a

test:  writes a files in a given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  files   a
truth:  compress   null

test:  an empty proxy for a test proxy that manipulates are not present in an scm proxy .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a dictionary containing the data correlation .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   values
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple with the correct basic basic basic header .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a given module is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  defines an exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the global context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  allow   settings
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill maxfun .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls from the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try to open the given path and try to open files .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   install
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a valid public activity type .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new api service with a given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati using riccati .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools event for a setuptools and running python setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   python
truth:  require   null

test:  determine if the value is of a number .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  multiplies each item of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  permutes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a user_op_manager method for a user_op_manager success .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  to   attempt

test:  find certname and return a dict of choices .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via master option .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a function key suitable for use in a function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  construct the volume name from a volume name .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  look   return
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a certain series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line indexes and distance output .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  to   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates it with the most recent one .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  generate a list of all ckan deployment that can be found .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a monitor by id or id .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  delete   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure utf8 is not a valid 8-bit 8-bit string representation encoded in utf8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region in a non-geographical type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  opt is not needed to stdlib signin .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  supplied   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a dhcp file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add a blank lines to newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the genslices for a given distribution .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical ip address to an unsigned int .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert utc time in format to utc timestamp format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  used to parse the input quota for a particular quota .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: table .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox publish tox .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   project
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test preloading .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts a path such as a unicode string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  given   version
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  yield matching step path based on the given step path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the uninstall code of a nice module .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  list   print
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add complex drill .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   add

test:  look up a namedtuple and return a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  retrieve all query parameters from the provided query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  make tarball and shelve of specified package .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  creating   tarball
truth:  persist   parser

test:  helper method to append a list of full values to the provided parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verifies that the tkinter is available .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  get policy configuration from datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open and return the otu otu by the commands .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of groups of a hg from a mercurial object .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure the line column column has a line that matches the argument offset and returns a tuple .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  passed   resolves
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return a mainframe .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  null   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  get a com dict for the returned type of type info .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verifies that a certificate should be given .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  given a common static sort and the word field .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  given   compare
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the users text of the block .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  loved   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test for creating a custom custom working directory for a given p39 .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file and returns an sls file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   get
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up from directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for notify which parameters (in : callable .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files in a given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterates   version
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns options which displays the appropriate dict of incoming flag .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  demonstrates   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a subset of keys in a string format to the open struct .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  function   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the children of all children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   intervals
truth:  validate   children

test:  start running pyinstaller test .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create a file path from a specified file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  name   list
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the wmf raster image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations of the violations of the pep8 support .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  mock the connection to the extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  null   metrics
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  process   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a higher import archive import archive import a absolute archive cannot be created .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resizes a wx and other it to a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  if   a
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a list of lists of sets of lists .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to gpu the latest free free by the flag specified by the cuda task .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the given plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  set   configuration
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return an mongodb connection cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the sm backend config by a given backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a dbms volume connection data .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  input   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies the log page to the log page .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  outputs   app
truth:  log   log

test:  return a string with nulls of markdown text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  create   database

test:  return an instance of the rvm version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  t-ev using w/in .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams using the given stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with caret .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a string in a list of more than one of more more than one .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   a
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds timed info in a given section as a dictionary .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   in

test:  returns an empty string containing no more than one of the plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   multiple
truth:  strip   strip

test:  ensure a path exists .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   angle
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes preprocessing for variables of variables .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   transform
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the jupyter notebook created with columns of the columns .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user instance .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports a list of granted .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  find   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix some lines that use the system to be sent to the module .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  replace   division

test:  enables building a test event with a ensure that is invalid .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  register   register
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the list dirlist dirlist if dirlist is not already in dirlist not already in dirlist the <path> .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the row** container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function for creating a string .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  output   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a virtual machine .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in the site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends an integer to the git tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two projectors and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a string with control characters as a valid string .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  return   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the unicode attr .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   get
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts a textual string .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  add   view
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields fields for the javascript form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  display   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff there is no rate limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  return   null
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to cie-luv color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  return   rgb

test:  determine if the path contains a local local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  if   information
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  run   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  remount up a new module or remount if no two modify .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  make   seconds
truth:  try   try

test:  add dummy rsa to the logger .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  checks to see if a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  test   test

test:  compares two points in docstring .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  return   array
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify the inheritance argument passed as implicit .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   issue
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a node for testing purposes .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description for a source file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  build   in
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of disk devices .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the user can access the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register internal trigger .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the degrees of a message .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  strip   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler for this script .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if the given locale is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  null   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy query strings into a entity_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating by specified content associated with the given content usage parameters for the given content usage by those those ref string indicating that the given content sequence is provided
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the last mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  null   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   metadefinitions
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of all the paths in a set of column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  need   need

test:  the admin view that renders a response .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  is   page
truth:  render   a

test:  subclass describing a user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  runs   permissions
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add an queries to a query .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   endpoints
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test when a target already exists and force a target file path to the target copy .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  raises   a

test:  find jcr: inset for a quadratic polynomial .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  get all volumes that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces in the given url .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  redirects a source to its destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  source   source

test:  helper function to format a float to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  extract the version number from the database .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with a normal table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   instances
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that the ica channels are correctly .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   neutron
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a list of python data and a python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception thrown by the appropriate *nditerty* .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a number to a string of bits in a byte string .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   get

test:  function to check the pci alias for the given alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  check   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  creates the directory to store the given filename .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  null   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the existing modulestore .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer value from a random number of arrays .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the repository is registered with the received repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  check   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  saves a status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  represent   function
truth:  saves   current

test:  set up exits in the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieves the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current locale for the specified category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  retrieves node info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  send an authorization code to an oauth2credentials code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  opens   redirects
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  mock of home .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  list   normalize
truth:  build   html

test:  given an unicode date .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   date

test:  wrap utility function: parsing memoization codes .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  command   in
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress a file in a trail .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a compiler for the given options .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  given an object and a template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the region codes for the country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create local file or plain directories on where the python module is given .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list monitor data on a given monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  list   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the interfaces interfaces of a class by name .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for use in a target search .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id from a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  it automatically parse a query string into a file object .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for use of builtin functions for all functions in the builtin .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse an headers into tuple .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  build   a

test:  create a spliter layouts layouts .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every char to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get a authentication password dict .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a continuous random moment for the order-k distribution .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  look   in

test:  makes a brackets map from a list of pairs .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  create   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast unicode unicode string is greater than the unicode string .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   conversion
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the approximate kaiserord representation of a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  return the unicode representation of a path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a storage index exists and has the given index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a class with the namespace name and wsdl name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  converts basestring to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  saves the ctrl-c response to a stream .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  this function finds the host and setup the proxied object .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hosts
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  dictionary   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for config options requiring a cross event .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the amount of cpu used so far by the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  reverses a string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  move the old images in the staging style to the staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  files   files

test:  require pootle language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  require   null

test:  train a shell of root variables .
truth: train a model . 
test:  point   a
truth:  train   a

test:  get parsed data as a dictionary .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  search   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  helper function that will return the instance of the function that is projected as a function of the instance of the test function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera polynomial statistic using probabilities function .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the module that contains the image .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  executes a single text on the input device .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  ensure that the nans specifies correctly handles a nans layer .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  search   null
truth:  test   test

test:  it should extract the scenario matches the scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the tag namespaces of a comma-separated tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  gives   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  since the github api calls .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   install
truth:  function   function

test:  return a set of all markdown extensions that can be installed .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge multiple sorted inputs into a single socket .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  converts   layer

test:  convert any others into a template extra with the given context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  read average expression using a relaxed relaxed relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  computes   dumps
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  character the prereq cache of the file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  clear   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  check whether media permissions are permission for the given user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  loads all tests from a test module .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  given   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  show lists of lists of lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the user .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse samples .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   fixes
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to parse action .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   method

test:  start watching the given string in the given template_name .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  show   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get the visible text for the current prng .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  if   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   custom
truth:  setup   setup

test:  recursively get a list of file extensions that are synonyms for the given file extension *fileext* .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  grab   a

test:  returns follower headers based on header headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send an email to the first old email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   function
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of number of number in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  return   return

test:  view function to register registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  delete a table .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  make   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  calls the win32 client read with the given timeout and timeout setting .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   calls
truth:  set   set

test:  given a path .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a regex from a string of specified specified expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  to   escape
truth:  null   foo

test:  default await function .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  split windows path .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a real service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send email notifications to the parsed results in a list of age for each object .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a colormap instance from a colormap colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container via acpi .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  model   model

test:  dump a symbol object .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  given   message
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  removes   user
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the specified apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   api
truth:  enable   enable

test:  sort the text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the amoutn of the container container container policy name or the device to one or more nagios .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get a line from the given source file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string representation of the value in the words that is the word in the case of the words in the words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report as cr .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  render   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  look up the machine .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website in a given varnish .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given function for a given python function .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that the slicing attribute is properly on instance .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given headers contains no null headers .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   tests
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test for integer jd .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator to add symbol to a function .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the attribute matches the given attribute .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  check   copies
truth:  match   a

test:  simple coloring coloring only .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  display the command line error .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to a given image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  returns   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a string of a given length .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses extra data .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   information
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string in bytes to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a function for the type of a type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the module .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the corr .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns the text representation of a stream .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython qtconsole or blocked .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  load   check
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to resource inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add ssl certificate private certificate to site domain .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  records   a
truth:  add   custom

test:  convert the given html string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   unicode
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   union
truth:  merge   a

test:  true if the given tagging is a same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide a python character field name given a series of length .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check that value is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given the db object .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts the given headers in http response into a standard python dictionary of headers suitable for the form of the form type .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   html
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get a handle to a global graph .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view function to run changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   line
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the contenttype filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  read   put
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a client client and returns a _schema string .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the rate of the specified lib .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  initialise the application .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  runs   test
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to return a dictionary with a single indentation .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check database control points and return a boolean value .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return a safe code for the given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  objects   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns all the languages languages in the list of settings .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  null   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value to an object .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a generation string into a dict .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a instance_system_metadata ref .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get a deployment instance .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets a template object from an attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  returns the url string contained in url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a supply supply line format for yn and return a dict .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   indexes
truth:  parse   parse

test:  copy one or more python copy to a new one .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the setup component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase for tests that verify the correct implementation of creating a c{moduletype} class .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a url-safe bit of data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate a module and state and populate it in the workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  inverts   null
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the jupyter version of the python api .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  function   connect
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure a pecl is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstalling from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  like horizontal but for volumes in a horizontal fashion .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the pid of the process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that nan is set correctly we detect nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with testing for testing this adds various defaults required for wsgi defaults with trivial defaults .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a set of rectangular entries into a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all the specials and flavors are present .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  make sure the test case the backend is not set .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that hugs a nullable type works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   calling
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager to create atomic atomic with a given filepath .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   a

test:  determine a tree symbols to a string .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper to decorate a function that returns a temporary context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to parse a command line options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  release   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  updates a remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  returns an item from the table table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  get   find
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  call func with a program that requires the user to run and prints to stderr .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  function   function

test:  convert different records to different python source code .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  package   a
truth:  read   a

test:  start auto configuration .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  fixture   update
truth:  help   help

test:  transform curve to a curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  check   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test user email using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day of a single day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  pad the extension in an axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  validates   delete
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings of the two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  time   find
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the sum of the feature .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   count
truth:  compute   norm

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that checks if the resource is inside the given resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  iterates over a django field like content .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves a differential order order differential equations with a new differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a human-readable message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  given   null

test:  check to see if the file is present in the specified path .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes the given item from the bulk api for the given category .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return title page from title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  null   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  dummy function to print a <width> to stdout .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  function   function
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  check whether two or cleaned version matches the last asserting asserting .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the expression tree .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   operator

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   new
truth:  add   add

test:  determine whether a visible visible two tensors are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to get the default paths to verify the default paths for the specified paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a cotangent operator .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  separate   fake
truth:  if   check

test:  assignment_expression : argument_expression_list ge argument_expression_list ge assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return iokit_registry information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific object cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the shared lr of a enocean spline at gzip .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs configs method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   resource

test:  return the social footer platform .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of product for a particular store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes table where and column where on the given table is defined .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   tables
truth:  deletes   null

test:  context manager which silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by specified order .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  null   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get an instance of a 2-tuple of linear data from a given file-like object of tk and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read all column groups in a column column .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of the file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  email   email

test:  runs one of the example in the specified calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  to   one
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest large integer k such that useless v = ia + jb .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  set up an s3 absolute name for all field element .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  download a vehicle from the current mission file .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call keyword .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  compute the combined tensor using pickle tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  executes   set
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into the given file .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  removes a cause subset of saved objects from the file system .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  read   in

test:  returns the appropriate plugin of a given property .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   set

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  set   up
truth:  load   load

test:  copy a file to a certain volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   factory
truth:  copy   contents

test:  get the total icon of the specified object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the lists of the block in the row block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  looks   list
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   create
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new statements and verify that the database is caching .
truth: create the database . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected discounted mvn .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  ensure that the specified file exists .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  take a dictionary of variables and create a new value .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original form .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get fully qualified name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   handler
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain cname from a string .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  humanize is a string of a slightly integer .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production rows .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  make the given template_name and pass if the client object is true .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc lc in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract all data from a model as a dict .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  express   a

test:  return the subsequence that is the sequences in seqs prefix .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate a class from an routing_path dict .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document for a given request .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   like
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a friendly subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns true if the given user has a permission for other model .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   requires
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie from the cookie cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a single line containing the course index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  return   index
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed destinations .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  given a compiler .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  multiplies a single encoding into a dense expression .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle function .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a new document in a glob .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate a series of the series in terms of the series of the series modulo modulo o .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a tensor along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  wrap a single comment .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  set   fn
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list  .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to showwarning .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  do   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns value for the passed in encrypt .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts the values in a string to an sql string .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the state of a task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return the unicode character or remote host name .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  null   searches
truth:  return   a

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare module names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  get   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a basic modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  send a valid request from data file .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add an element of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  make   config
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will remove the multiprocessing queue from the docker-compose file .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  set the action id of a query .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   multiplication
truth:  set   state

test:  find the top level namespace .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get the most appropriate changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  print   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for a conditionally on a test_case .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  sorts   replacement
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  project   project

test:  fail unless two quantity are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  returns   pootle
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  split string in each string in the series/index by the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  weighted   arrays
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads an http get url and retrieve the content .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   a

test:  make a virtualenv .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  process   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  mock   setting
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  return   set
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob that resets the test cloud storage .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  text   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  a ufunc distance distance between and b and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  converts a string to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  convert   strip
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the point point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a pandas type .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate argument spec for the given mapper limit .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a tuple .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if the api is a valid api url .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  look for the single resource type with the specified resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test one bundle bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  test   date

test:  set header in response headers .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  resolves   get
truth:  add   a

test:  given a private key .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  a signal that initializes the state of creator .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  translate a callback to a xml string .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  called   get
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for tests .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  if   override
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a stream and produce a stream in a stream .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  function   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  get a h .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  null   url
truth:  callback   callback

test:  tests otu along the grouped correlation .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  squared   mean

test:  determine if a cohort is cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a unique element in a list .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  string   neutron
truth:  create   a

test:  produce a list of default handlers based on the input handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket is a valid python binary .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  bench   command
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collect an existing valid set and get the master message in haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  install   null
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with a summary of all active codes codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares that the flag to the module are key as a flag for the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  determine the amount of a character in a human-readable string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  performs a distribution version using openshift args: offset : openshift version of the openshift version returns: dict: the openshift dict updated with the generated version information .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  have   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate beautifulsoup config for a given config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   display
truth:  return   info

test:  generate a string of random chars with corresponding encoding .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  remove   characters

test:  try to get an item from a queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts a timedelta object to a python timedelta .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new oauth application instance .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  register   register

test:  return the base64 code of a text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the vector of a histogram according to the passed histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  make   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given an iterable of class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a directory of windows bytes .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing an outer-product -> gemv .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  =   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and data from a dictionary .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the audio dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject object from a bem .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  matches the user in .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  uses   path
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  checks to see if plots is in the specific *domains string to install *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the object for the object .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator that injects the elements of a given class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common approach bandwidth .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw a graph g with matplotlib labels .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated generated generated counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality in p2g algorithm .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  assumes   push
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  view   page
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  returns   migrate
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a downloading downloading polynomial .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  compute   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the platform .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  init   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a binary string from a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  s   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  provides   set
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt events .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper method to pad s to string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  writes a message for the
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   error
truth:  if   null

test:  stop the certs on the page .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  expected   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  returns the number of seconds in a sorted cycling .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  check   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if scenarios has a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  features   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  gets a request to the authentication token .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  given   integer
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code in the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle various matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  histograms histograms of histograms of data points together .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  make   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this function creates a new outputting outputting inner space that handles wrong contain the input nested space .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap c{sys .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  make   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  call   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  upload the importance of the pypi function .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start an existing user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  display   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will be called when the current init service is uniquely .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  between pending reboot reboot based on example .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints the message structure in the structure from a file-like object .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   a

test:  main function for the pants .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  text   probability
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning a package with editable .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a sequence of non-empty lists of non-empty lists .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse iso8601 format date format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree string .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  cleanup utility to clean up after a test runs .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the minpoly product of the minpoly polynomial of the given list of vectors .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a login login .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the image as a 6 6 6 .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker on the given node .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  configure   configure

test:  use the lower instead of a 64-bit .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  compute   display
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary of many many chars to because of c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  preprocess path that may be spaces into a path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  prepend   null

test:  return an ajax message .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx from a ccx to a ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restore   references

test:  this should be overriden in the according to the endpoint .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is shared variables .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if info looks like a sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the zero vector of the given cant be a tuple of images .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for a specific configuration level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  retrieves the demangle name for a given name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  if   return
truth:  name   name

test:  returns a string which maps the menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  ask   pull
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  assert-like imported implementation .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  select   part
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if the supplied value is a sound type and returns it .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  if   a
truth:  select   null

test:  generate a view string containing the text for a user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the cpunish data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that its possible to cache its calls calls not available .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   n
truth:  github   github

test:  determine the handler for the specified image .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  main function to inject all files in the given file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the default python module of the current live options .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   null
truth:  error   error

test:  view function that handles the directly of an existing query .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception when the exception is created .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a single blast file into a single multipleseqalignment string .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices a continuous tuple for slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   args
truth:  null   null

test:  if a module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - uses the training table from people now .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   events
truth:  training   events

test:  generate a short integer value .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float as float .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix line of a submission .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test unless the given object is true and the test if the test is true .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  patch   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text displayed in a single figure .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm release section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   start
truth:  set   set

test:  remove devices from an met .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  converts   api
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract all containers in a deployment that is a list of containers .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label encoding .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  ensure   click
truth:  select   null

test:  grant access via http builder and ensure that the user is not needed .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a string .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a string into a native string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  string   string

test:  clean up the minion cache cli example: .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   return
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize summary of a single 32-bit .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  ensure   history
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of iterable .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  set   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  get the disk block size of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a formatted string of a given function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   words
truth:  to   attempts

test:  a simple nones of either a and is a numeric array .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a decorator that converts to a function using a xxx to a normal module .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  map   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  restful crud information for a widget .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  writes a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax article of a given article .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  process   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a list of events .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  null   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  api method to delete instances of proper proper requests .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  object   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  helper function to generate random symbol .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  prints out the event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager which changes the current working directory .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and return the group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  process   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert string representation of boolean true .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered entries .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  run   client
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the given search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a number into the number of number alphabet: the alphabet to use for a alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge virtual environment variables .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  cancels   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  retrieves the url for the current section in the course section .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of user names .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieves the role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a github commit is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   update
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version of func() representing the os tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificate in the text file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for methods that accept the given types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink at the given path and returns the path to the symlink .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the sum of k from list of k .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that p*x_i**n can be initialized with mixin values .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current process .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the specified attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given a module name .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse arguments .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  given   parse

test:  called by the automatic pipeline .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  input   null
truth:  translate   rest

test:  deletes a bucket from the s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  to   function

test:  return a datetime .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  url   null
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time zone as a tzinfo instance .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert instance to the devices .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  execute   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  return the demonstration demonstration .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   minimum
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  a utility method used to parse arguments .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  takes a type and converts it to a python type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expression -> list arguments: *bool a sympy expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test if we generate a cast upload the gpu .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  url only minimal sanity checks that the python module is .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   in
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifies the vector vector is a random number of characters .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  walk   path
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of statements for each chain in a new chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get info about an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  a decorator that ensures a function is abstract and is not a policy to call this decorator is useful for use with a normal wrapper .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the latest image that matches the given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger a site .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a contributor to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  load the given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  require   array
truth:  save   state

test:  return bytes in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  check   find
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this function will start at a separate course .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of messages on a socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  converts   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a single latest repository repository from a repository and a changeset repository record .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a unicode string to utf-8 unicode string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as requested by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as well as a set of compilers: the typical [
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  build a string from a rotation string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that all of the t[a] for a column that supports a single table [0 .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  existing   replace

test:  returns a single start of given start .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  turn the signed response into a beaker response and issued it .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups as match the named groups .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression tree .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  converts   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  like   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new numerical version string for the latest version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the function for getting a set of functions that are displayed as the default function for the generated functions .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  func   func

test:  read request meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic inverse field_seq .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if an ip address is a valid port and a port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  access   access

test:  write the selected index file .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  relative strength index .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  returns a list of paths to all the files in the given directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check for #370 .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  prepare a remote command to the remote server .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   one
truth:  command   command

test:  keystone a client that credentials credentials .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of the product of the given basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if a string is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get absolute area of the absolute area of a absolute polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true/false boolean indicating if the request has a valid isoread tool .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if the call is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   method
truth:  is   a

test:  compute a list of key for a given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all the child cut which are not in the slaves .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   pattern
truth:  given   a

test:  linear system shapes in a given shape .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  multiply   shape
truth:  give   null

test:  matching the function object using the constructor matching the matching class .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates an input data with each collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  input   data

test:  check that the arguments provided in the arguments are positional .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  null   error
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing a local directory with symlinks .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get the the absolute path of the gpg attempt .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the iternext() implementation given the type of a function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check if there exists a file in the configuration file .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that expects a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize object object to a python object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   null

test:  determine the windows potential body for a given system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   sync
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return iterator over a iban object .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   article
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  strips xml attributes .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  adds   get
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator which exempts the test class is used to skip a method of a method call .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  gets a named entry from a named pairs args: named : the named pairs to query for the named pairs returns: bool: the named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  parses a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  returns   stuff
truth:  get   values

test:  return a pmap for a given model class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  there are common any top configuration that was called in us-east-1 .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  module   configuration
truth:  default   default

test:  migrates all the tables to the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  remove   fixes
truth:  if   null

test:  checks if a vms exists on the specified vm .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  synthesize a client for authenticate .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  download   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the list of configuration errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a file with the given path and returns its contents .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  use   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a system needs to be present .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data from the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  output   null
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if the slug list is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   slug

test:  r^2 -> list concats the elements of a placeholders in a string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  matches   implementation
truth:  search   search

test:  returns project acl as a project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  project   project

test:  get the compute bit objects by a dest .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash of data .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  sets   custom
truth:  given   a

test:  calculate all of a set of key:value pairs as a list of lists of lists .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get the last modified date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  strips   compute
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn like inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove keys that are not part of a cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  tear   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing candle sticks _make_increasing_ohlc() and _make_decreasing_ohlc separate the increasing trace from the increasing trace so that the increasing are passed in subsequent calls .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  support   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the full version of a mysql mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fetch all events in the template that contain the events sent to the other events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   page

test:  compute the variance of the values in a given base distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  input   return
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  wiener filter using the given data response .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show imgadm uuid uuid : string uuid of imgadm uuid of show uuid uuid : boolean toggle uuid of show uuid of imgadm uuid : boolean optional uuid cli example:
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   manifest

test:  it automatically converts a version string to a python version string .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check to see if the entrance exam are assigned to the given exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that the did did not restore a sharedmethod .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dict of setter methods for a given set of setter .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  return the sparse field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if s is a binary string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the harris corner measure of a harris matrix .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the primary repr of the given object .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  display a query response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   function
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  look for a python module in the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  -   runs
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the server is running in the web server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add an ip address and return the pair of the given host .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  given   one
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  items view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send a message to a mail dict of tasks .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure the command command passed as a policy name .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  if   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load the scores scores from a map file .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if ver1 is in printable .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  running   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder functionality .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   git
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints all the commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  load a given library name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   null
truth:  specify   a

test:  reads a 0 reference .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  read   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  sets the score of the given user .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  a single forum in a post .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  object   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of file names that are currently installed .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   files
truth:  get   get

test:  a shortcut to load a document and return it .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate given volume specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  returns a function object suitable for use with the specified name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  given   null

test:  remove invalid url from the proto url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: builder publish builder in the job .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for base stations .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  return   in
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores a configuration that all the combined configs .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  define a name .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to an s3 binary string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  ensure   unicode
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that polar can be created from polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  confirm that the python version of mod is mod .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  check   test
truth:  add   add

test:  check if object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  statement_list : parameter_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students in a course .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  given a base class .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  validate   deploy
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a python signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  return   new
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the histogram of a inflates polynomial .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  read   power
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  bytestrings all numa k8s .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  find   a
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the 256 compatibility function works as expected .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the user output from /etc/portage/package calls to minimum .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  passing   null

test:  formats a time in iso 8601 format .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates the host and validate it in format .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  s   parses
truth:  validate   a

test:  try to get an iterable of supported keys for the specified http request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements in a and b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   elements

test:  creates a url by / classes out of the url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that search is dynamic and not .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  search   a
truth:  to   try

test:  factory to generate a handler on an instance .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  select   site
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify all items that are :class:handler from the list of weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of the state of *n* irreducibility .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a layer-2 from the database by removing all of the trees in a specified table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  given a list of files or a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute histogram summaries for a 2-d scalar .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  make   variance
truth:  attach   a

test:  construct a orthonormalizes object from a protocol .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the decorated extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signal   unit
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  look up only blind using a scheduled release .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  retrieves   unload
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if the list looks like a match .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  check   null
truth:  make   null

test:  updates options for oslo visible .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  function   null
truth:  default   default

test:  same as str .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  check that theres no file with an input source .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  allow   mask
truth:  files   files

test:  zip a request .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  render   route
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the revision revision depending on the system .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : command equals expr .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  shortcut for pretty-printing .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   strings
truth:  returns   a

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  use this instead of a function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  function   use
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a function that returns sample updates in tp parameters of : callable user: tp tp as per sample state of the sample state of each layer in rtype: :
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  template   attempt
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute horner term in k[x] .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   product
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get a string containing the random number of characters .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output has n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  apache a directed graph and yields all of its children .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  returns   certificate
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the number of lags in the pairs of a vowel followed by the pairs of rows in the pairs .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  p   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  opens a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  looks   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple replacement for the mapping of a derived port .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   hook

test:  split a leaf using gpke into a new leaf proto .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   information
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password of an existing user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  password   password

test:  override this fails to the timeout of the given action cli examples: .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump all shop cache that have not in introducing .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the other caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the actual file location .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  function   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a value into a json python dictionary .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  dictionary   value
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a field with the given field .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find the python file from the given python file path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  to   try
truth:  given   a

test:  remove all python source files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns an fresh string .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  format   multiple
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources for a source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass sample support .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of a list of lines of lines of lines from a given feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  function that finds the coordinate values for the given rc4 .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  function   multiply
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: rvm publish rvm missing for rvm rvm plugin .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the constraint from a surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   surface

test:  wraps the pony app in both the correct and python interpreter .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  point   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  install and list of tests on failure .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a tag with the specified user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  escape   update
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if the image is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group items by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   location
truth:  null   items

test:  returns a locale form for a locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  form   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to get i3 connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the updated instructor objects for a given host/time id .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the appropriate user preference for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration in get_remote_data .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  separate a row into a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  map   tuple
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and exception .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  coerce   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  check whether the periodical is a periodical periodical .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require an rpm package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of files that have been dev .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy test .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a generator of connected component of graph g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns all templates and default templates below the given template directory .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  marks a deprecation version as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from top_k distribution each row specifies class probabilities .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  verify the dictionary mapping values for the given class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  walk   method
truth:  function   function

test:  the function that measures the target property .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   use
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  clickable 1 .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   migration

test:  this function will remove the logger from the configuration .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  track   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add new email address to napalm queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the windows interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  function   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all the printing from the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  generates indices of an exponential on an array of all input variables along the given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  sorts   x
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to convert a methods to a python object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read file and return from text .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   filename
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for itself to be rendered by the uris .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  null   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to the specified pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all the workers in the given worker itself .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if given marketing is in the marketing marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits a description into one .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  turns   list
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  api: send the pprint to an output file .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  return   video
truth:  null   pprint

test:  get the total total time of a specific aggregate by --format=columns .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with a taggedunioninvariant api call .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  provide virtual events for trade events .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  scroll   event
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string name of vm cpu name of vm cpu : string [uuid|alias|hostname] creation from vm to be reprovisioned on removal on
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  function   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  clone a vdi and clone its reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  wrapper around wrap an error message to a datastore error message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  function   error
truth:  to   method

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   val
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed nikola nikola with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  private method pb to the specified note that the user belongs to .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an argumentparser dictionary for options group of options parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  basic interactive interpreter .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set up a specific livejobtracker livejobtracker buffer .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  set   gl

test:  clears the database rating for each instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  to   null

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the position of color angle is invalidconfiguration .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   position
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a cookiecutter is installed .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the path of a file .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the view function mode to be used .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  return   run
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string with count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a message topic message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  indicates if a function is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a dictionary of posts svn:externals with avro-json of open file names removed .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  list   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert float to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of --disableexcludes or directory that can be implemented on the system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is not not provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if a service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an understandable error from jinja error error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update variables on windows .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a forward .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  induced   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single port into a comma-separated .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  set   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a child process to a single child process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   a

test:  get the uptime from the ; list of seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clean up link in a link .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  cleans   fixture
truth:  leading   remove

test:  loads a file with the newly raster and saves it to disk .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test glir user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  serializing   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a tuple that have scene exceptions for a given season id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset key for the given user .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  make   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges in a workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   worksheet
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest tag of the latest release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  release   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script that creates the given logrotate script .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  run a shell command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  calculate   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find a sequence of fuzzy where each entry is a list of fuzzy pairs .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   helper
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   function
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget widget .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  find   find

test:  make a decorator that takes extra key as well as a decorator .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  set   set
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of user names in being stripped .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the all tests from a given test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  run   tests
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns three letter id for given image id .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the object from a file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  check if the current function node is higher automatically higher .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  simulates a action to the queue .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  abort   hook
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single property property to an existing property .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a set of progress progress information for an iterable of the iterable .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add a menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a normal flagged object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a never coefficients .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  yield   counts
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the content of the repo .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make an average metric from a new lib lib .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  constructs   transformation
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate a polygon function .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  given   a

test:  look up a set of host data in a set of possible values .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  null   find
truth:  determine   null

test:  attempt to match a report of reserved patterns .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  match   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a list of the closure that are in the given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  given   a

test:  converts raw data in urlencoded to a plain python identifier .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  returns the preferred query for the given service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a json representation of an payment provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   a

test:  return a numpy array with rank-1 rank-1 array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  does   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields stats for each amount of its amount .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns entries .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   yaml
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  load   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  helper function to infer the use for use in a bokeh query .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set the value of a cluster property extra_args additional options for the live property extra_args additional options for the live live property keyword instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a new user for the email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a fake method that can be passed to the provided methods .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the float directories in the given file path .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get an aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   null
truth:  account   account

test:  encode a host string for a sympy sympy format .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct options for a specific vm .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split a pathname into a mapped mapped tuples .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  to   list
truth:  given   null

test:  find a new library library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  when installing from a old version of a specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  test   null
truth:  does   null

test:  try to parse given path to a dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  return   path
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the support for each distinct .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   new
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to get a languages preferred language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the mqtt platform .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  prints out commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   paste
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a valid aqua .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  use this decorator to wraps the wrapped api calls to convert the db based on the specified parameters .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the file name to the octal file name .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  given   bound
truth:  support   support

test:  validation validation .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  imports a class by a given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  header   get
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a request to the cache location for the desired request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  set   add
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the float value of a given type .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  creates a raven string from a todo of sequences .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts db channel to json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  make   page
truth:  null   method

test:  dummy implementation of keyword .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   return
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of il slices .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  executes   returns
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  returns a list of targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  derive   source
truth:  build   build

test:  builds a list of lists from the datasets .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the given user has access_level staff access to the course wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a received ed25519 repository record in the repository and the changeset revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  renames a document or a normal element from an xml document .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  twitter   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  check if a number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  find elements in seq .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  like clientsecrets .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  used   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the iterator that was compatible with this version of a given iterator .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  produce an array of selection along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  calculate statistic for the preprocessing_fn statistic for a multivariate distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  function   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  uses a list of gpg to display the messages on system as a list of virtual machines .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   concatenation
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of revisions revisions for item .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  return   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two open files in a directory .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  does   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the port status in the given cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  given   handles
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  extract the timedelta before the given number of seconds after the given timedelta .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for handling endpoint of resource **lookup .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if string is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  takes   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts entire extra structure to a string .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  get message name .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  remove   operators
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all items in an iterable that match the given sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if poll is running on this host .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to *path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a course_key return a deep of categorical keys and a course_key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  combines   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  work   works
truth:  confine   null

test:  install this package as tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  install   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator form which supports a typeerror of a test if a magic string is a valid magic .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create a new cover instance .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   changes
truth:  open   open

test:  return the information for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates a most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   back
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem command and return the pem one .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  check if g is strongly regular regular regular regular regular regular regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode length bits from all bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more arch linux packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   tuple
truth:  install   python

test:  converts a dict into a dict of here .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   workaround
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a dict containing information about all related subclasses .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a problem and returns a problem as a background task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   converts
truth:  encode   optional

test:  mark a test dashboard as old stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  gpu local abstractconv with a local shape .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieves numa topology and numa topology .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validate the id of the given client birthday days .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  if   error
truth:  validates   validates

test:  find the first element of the data and the element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a rule out of a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the user to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  wraps the draft to take precedence over the same location as the draft .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the user is configured .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   function
truth:  to   check

test:  return a list of packages which have been set and descriptions descriptions .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  server   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search search term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie header with the given header and return a dict with the content .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an chance array and return a flattened list of duration .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  display   options
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation is running .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fires   a

test:  prints out which course tabs from a given course is allowed to access .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  writes a single file to disk .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  pair   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of some of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  k[x] k[x] of f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  trigger a running system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  move   pairs
truth:  turns   null

test:  format the input data with the specified floating point .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   normalize
truth:  maps   maps

test:  deletes a property instance by name or property .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to get the profile from the registry .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  take an affine transformation that corners the image in the image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   images
truth:  null   null

test:  return line numbers that are in the line numbers .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   a

test:  internal workflow to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to temporarily add a zip zip file to a file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute dipole connectivity for a complex structure .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   support
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all the tests in a given python module .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  find whether a given string has a definition .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  view   permission
truth:  default   default

test:  computes the euclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of attributes to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  dont call the iterable of entries from a list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  multiply the fill file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract user information from the environment .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   consul

test:  marks the user as xblock api .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  destroys   null

test:  return a translation matrix to translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the info page .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate and return a descriptor for the given xblock .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  verify   wrapper
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  add a system hash to the hash of the hash .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the jaccard similarity score for two upper distributions .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   similarity
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the given value is a valid integer .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validates   custom
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull out the email address from a local account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  account   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  function to check if a valid ring is a locality instance .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  train a set of units using hidden hidden hidden .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  map   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a rewrite_links() string into a sympy number of patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an httpresponse object for an http response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  create   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns an unknown modelform type for a given type type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if a device is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  sets the matrix of a matrix .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  is   start
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   compute
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change group of article to one of its own groups? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device allocated by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  update the agent associated with a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  show   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  return a string representation of an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the global qwebsettings .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  start   update
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages into the oauth2 api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an elementtree url for the given arguments .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of possible pairs in resources .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   release
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure the test passes when creating an instance of a protocol .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a string preceded user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  match a given host string in the given format .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  if   port
truth:  host   host

test:  sets up a test .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  create   create

test:  notify from recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  using the yubikey .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  an ssp function which tracks in the password property of the password .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  override   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random blob-ish problem with data .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  index   index

test:  input_fft_v a tristar certificate to a certificate .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  shortcut   shortcut
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  return the celery settings for all active settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   page
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by pixel .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scaling   downloads
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the disk timeout in the current context .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a file list to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info for a test based on an entity .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts text to a tensorflow expression .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pads the elements of a sequence .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors in an error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   merge
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find all nearest points in a single image .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  wrap a class in the table that the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the union in a sympy expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  try to get the rms out of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  given   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validate the format of the minimum score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   extension
truth:  validates   validates

test:  recursively convert x values of new-style python types .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute cross crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  start a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  starts   qt
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more info as a django module for a given log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for strategy .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  converts a 2-bytes string into a base .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  convert   complex
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  utility function to get the availability seeds for a torrent .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an iterable of pages to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install tid: setup .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for open distros cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a base64-encoded page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager to temporarily change the start of a given profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   cuda
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies the object into a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copy   results
truth:  index   index

test:  return the comparison between two strings .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a dictionary of filesystem definitions for the process .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set out the auth in an html api .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   redirects
truth:  set   set

test:  merge multiple lists into one .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  check a release name and its arguments are valid .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  given a package directory return a list of of test modules that can be found .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator for tests that require sys .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the line of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   get
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the test fails if a test section is not running .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  get a signal handler for a ring .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string is a properly format .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  does   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  command   command

test:  add an ssh public public keys to the ssh public key for the given key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vlm_media of files .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a html file which will respond to the passed in .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  get   null
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode strings from unicode lines .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  returns   contents
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to a numpy step .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that a file with a given encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a unicode string if it is not already one .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and relative values and relative option in same array as sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a format string representation of the format modules .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if a port returns a port returns an port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  make   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the value used by the currency string in the given currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to run .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  checks that the input means of two lists of the second components of different values .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  compute   checking
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads and returns the content contents of a file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  read   api
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  redirects to the users reset url .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  view   view

test:  filters out the object or method dependent dependent filters .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  find and return a django file name from a file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  majority the certificate in an expires certificate file cert_file the name of the certificate to delete .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  return   return

test:  displays a message on the led matrix .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  msg   status
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a 3d numpy array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   product
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a manager instance type for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a dictionary from a key/value pair of dictionaries .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  navigate   data

test:  get a dictionary of default values for an items in a dictionary with their group .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the area of the first area of the given area under the given rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword using keyword .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a version string and returns a list of versions .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  if   return
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   list
truth:  print   a

test:  run accessibility tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   python
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check the version string comparison as a tuple .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert the parameters valuestodict : post/get .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  serialize the output of a given password object into a regular expression .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  output   function
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extended euclidean algorithm in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude exclude .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  generates   compile
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads that correspond to the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify & run methods with metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  find a new instance of the corresponding package in a virtual machine .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  call this back a call to see if the remote execution was known .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  check   null
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate all inverse of a cluster with consecutive orbit parameters results : writeme returns robust covariance matrix for the cluster results .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   update
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a regular expression string in the given string .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  allows an ajax or override an ajax hack to escape what ajax address is logged in .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  check   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   expand
truth:  null   resource

test:  explicitly warn .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users in the user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist callback - gets the search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  walk a sr and find the parent chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  find tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a grpc property that represents the given api property .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   version
truth:  makes   a

test:  reindex an alert course to the new course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  updates   message
truth:  sends   a

test:  build an egg dictionary from a list of egg .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the ip address contained in a supplied configuration .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  copies a document to a relative document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  view   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return a list of users available for the specified user cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  match a file with the given name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  solc arguments for data_format .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in the inheritance chain of the inheritance chain of the inheritance chain at the start of the inheritance chain .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if a is a older fraction .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return a 2-d array with all the entries in it .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder can accept a single index for a given set of urls .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a member list of available roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the group id and return the group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  color   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  separate the data from the interface into a list of terminator .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  =   normalize
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a correctly signature as a single dot string .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  fill markdown code to a different notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  add   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs css statistics on a directory .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks the function that the input is valid .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  provides   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the tag for a release in the remote server .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  release   version
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path as a unicode string using the file path encoding .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  returns a list of indexes of rpc for the provided namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  read   source
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request has associated associated .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that table leaves a column can be created from a column .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   copy
truth:  test   test

test:  check if value is a string which can be least one of the strings .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator that returns a function record as a record for a abstract record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns an upgrade of a model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression that contains the values in an ipv4 or subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  substitute   values

test:  an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile information from a given functions .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  configures all memory memory references from the buffer .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  list   list
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get skeinforge plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   skeinforge
truth:  get   meta

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the vagrant environment to the current process .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause when a string is negative .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse a string of tokens as a tuple .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix for a given device .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation function -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  call this is a function or a decorator for one or more items in one call .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   linodes

test:  yields out which object from a textual string .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  view   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check if the html passed is the http response .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  returns a valid column name for the field .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph to a maximum of text .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   text
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a command if it is not unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  null   boto
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries reachable in the application .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the trace of a boolean .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  map   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a transaction manager for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group type access for the given type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into a binary hist .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  writing   obj
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache key to use for the current thread if requested .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper function to base64 and make json serializable .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns an ordered of the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  create the pid pid file .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get a vagrant configuration .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a volume is a volume group by using the specified name .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize issue counts in the review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generate n bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the top of a top pair for a given aggregate .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  return   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a sort tuple of the given tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  do the profiles .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that the object is equal to equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  local directory to debug forms .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  to   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  copy a file .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary shell object .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instance types .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  construct an html string representation of latex functions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  scale   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  makes the next url for the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all instance requests for a given instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting of epochs psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that return whether a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write all file paths to episode .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   sql
truth:  write   null

test:  parses one fraction and return tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional dataset-- tiny model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a few epochs
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   back
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of instructor tasks that the given course is running as a score .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a function from a list of sums .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  given a dictionary of rich aliases .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  works like replaygain .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  given   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a single task that will async version of a task .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a new profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get one figure .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  return   text
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure expressions works with python 2 .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get a recommendation tree for a given topic .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   in

test:  take a stream and return an inplace .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return inverse of all keys in *nspfxs .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until all of the javascript axes to do a variable with a given variable .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get a polygon for a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  compute   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  convert attribute values into flat dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a amount of mapdict according to the non-default non-default .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  take   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  this function is the first derivative of validation .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  like   send
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  function   signal
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email to the recovery api .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  send   a

test:  test that set function facilitates work on null exception .
truth: if a . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that value is a positive float or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  replaces the missing microversion header value with the header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  log   a

test:  sync cohort to the group .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  given a line .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the single data that matches the given resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests gl representation of max representation of current random representation formats .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the handler to use for the given request .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  creates the performance of the given test app .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  find if a table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a ipv6 address string into a default value .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end of url-encoded .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob that provides a blob that can be used as a test .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  prints a system to a given server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  grab   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check to see if a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  test   check
truth:  to   check

test:  recursively upload a uploads to each folder in the tree .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  process   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  read   get
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the equalized key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  generate   implementation
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints code information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   logging
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a string as a time string in a given string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system (same as a sound .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a given function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml statement list into a string of keys .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  slices off the specified partition from one end of the passed array .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  null   slices
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a python function into a dict .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  use this to find a property method in a property method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the user interface .
truth: takes request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a simple custom 404 error page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   custom

test:  returns a wsgi replacement for use with the specified replacement .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and return the parsed session .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   load

test:  given a request object .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   requests
truth:  get   a

test:  create a link to a file .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips latest info from a string .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if the given directory has a directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the specified dns record is absent .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  return   media
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses a date into its timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  reverse of packags .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  verifies the signature of a given message signature .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  returns an array of cut of the data for the given precision .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test with a message and after the test with an unexpected fails .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best match between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  content   null
truth:  null   quotient

test:  check if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a window to the nearest matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the access dance request token using the access token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a driver for a given field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a user is not installed on a system .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  import the given reference and return the new vdis reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  null   import
truth:  move   move

test:  a generator of all of a specified string .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  output   works
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adds an absolute url to the context for use in templates .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all the updates and its disabled plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the path to the test suite .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send an tag tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory component of a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the characters in a line from the given string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for generating _version .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  function   python
truth:  null   in

test:  retrieve a runner from the provided timeout object .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  given   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get a updater hash on a given name .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  create an simple simple simple binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  creates   update
truth:  create   a

test:  determine whether a path should be a directory or a path starts with test .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor and real trace files for each layer in the system .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  this function is used to fix the error .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  function   fixes
truth:  open   open

test:  converts a url string to a origin url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   url
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get the data for a given certificate details .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of a fan buffer .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a menu class for the specified instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  switch a type validator .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  stubs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given file from ifname to congruent file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  null   a

test:  you might want to find the given mti .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  null   test
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total seconds for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  is   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith instance for the pcs stonith mfcc file name of the stonith class .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is the compress results of a given figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the first permalink path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   git
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a *n* and train it into a parsed autoencoder .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  list   downloads
truth:  executes   null

test:  check that trailing spaces in row spaces are as a row of trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  if   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all the available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all enabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure an event is not being placed .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  logs   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs an application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  return   app
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a bool whether the current request is a debug level .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can access to the given course .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  verify mail is checked through the steps .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  mail   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of the type instances for the given type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  print   print

test:  check if preload is installed .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  function   functionality
truth:  if   check

test:  use given class to set member .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  unregister   python
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table by removing samples from specified table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filters   connection
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs enquiry section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  format   approximation
truth:  null   null

test:  load a dbms frame file and return a list of tuples .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  validates a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version numbers and returns a list of api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a python package using python applications .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  url this should be po po errors .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new request and returns it .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic cotangent of a series inversion examples .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  null   find
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  attempt to define a specified xml file and return the domain .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return the path to our storage repository this should be used when were not carriage .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power a remote host .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  set   null
truth:  request   power

test:  friendly wrapper for unsetting default distributed code .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  text   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to walk the next representation of a filename .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  text   text
truth:  return   return

test:  some ipython tests with a mocked test .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get an application id for the given id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the position in a string that will be considered "the .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   function
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   up
truth:  check   check

test:  lists a list of lists .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  add   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline validator correctly handles a inline .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for valid existence and returns true/false .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  or see if aastex aastex could see have a programs datetime .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  null   number
truth:  ensure   null

test:  prepare the given flags .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  read   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all based on a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes a base class to a signed integer .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list exists on the mailchimp list returns true if the mailchimp list is valid filters .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  null   change
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of module strings .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   import

test:  records a user has subscriptions to the given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of language objects .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a new uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cache value and merge it into the given destination settings .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a color components to a decimal component .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   null
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import a module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  wraps a command to determine if it raises an exception .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  function   function
truth:  call   a

test:  opens the xml document .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  function   import
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the given arguments against an argument .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor info from the provided prefix based on the metadata metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  this function is called to initialize a process in the context .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands directories and globs from indexes: .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  convert   correlation
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table with twoline line numbers and sometimes sometimes .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   text
truth:  read   read

test:  given a module name .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of the datastore is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the gaussian mean of a gaussian over the video .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   basestring
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of attributes for an array of containers .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  duplicates   insert
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the data for a given data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   mac

test:  ll a module into a {k: database .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  objects   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a custom initialization .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   video
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged of the user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  instantiate   set
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the compiler and can be shut down .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  convert traditional string to unquoted strings .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  set a single format format that the format for a given format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   basics
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a xfs_estimate channels that can be used as a semi for constructing message .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  source   url
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock transformers for the given block .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  get specific notification on a node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  checks   ipython
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the global notification type for a given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a directory of the directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block in a packagesite block .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   format
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache instance in cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  create   create

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reads a configuration file with the data from a configuration file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of the array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  work   work

test:  representation of a priority .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  get   default
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize -> character array as a dictionary of 639 .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the short version of raw string .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   handler
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns a list of paths from a django field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of the vms sizes that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a plugin plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to decorate tests .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   method
truth:  mark   method

test:  get the keyring keyring of a list of present keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  return   alias
truth:  is   keyring

test:  creates an index types that can be assigned to a pandas types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  same as the default value of a function .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle widget to control view .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  causes a subsection grade for a given event .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  formats a help help string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name : string of words to check filter_words : words of words : words in word .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return what items are present .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  update   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to have a given service name .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  update   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  clickable the server at the bottom of the url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  try to get the versions of the git revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  given   try
truth:  get   version

test:  copy entries from array to calls arr .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist numlist ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string with a leading string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  null   accents
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   addition
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  does   return
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   open
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  run   url
truth:  is   null

test:  add a following batches of a gaussian in-place .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   t
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a range header .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  filename a selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  function   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  allows a view to processor to access an existing response .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  view   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  return the currently active module code for the given module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  function   get
truth:  module   module

test:  map some more handles keys in a given node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a pseudo-randomly generated local unique hex string .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  check that bad delimiter with "macosx10" in the bad delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test updating a tool .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   up
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a suggest tensor to its shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string that encodes a value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  start a url in the start of options .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  list   try
truth:  executes   null

test:  return a consistent chart using a label_dict chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  text   null
truth:  create   a

test:  id id of real vector .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  null   product
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  tests that expected values are binary samples as binary .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named grafana users is absent name the name of the user to remove users on the system .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier carrier .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file is a tarfile .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a hostname or a string name to an existing hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with tags when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data from an auxiliary channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  deprecated name of a test .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnecting   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  returns the virtual machine to the new virtual machine .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data locally from a remote host and a folder to the random directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  create   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  spans a new database .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get information on a given record content .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   column

test:  return a macro for the given text .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given working directory has been modified .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  resizes a list of functions of each item in benchmark .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure that preferred plugins owns owns plugins with a global plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  named   manager
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a sequence of source attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates the elements of a sequence .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   routine
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a message according to the given status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load the memory common for use in a set of memory .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   a
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the modules listed in settings .
truth: execute app . 
test:  run   null
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the salt file references from evaluated .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  runs   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  check that a field matches the given mode .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  updates the existing users settings .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  removes   updates
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki response .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  configure netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  to   netmiko
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a set of recipients addresses of recipients .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless all of the expected_paths in the package contains the supplied paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given logger is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate unicode string .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  generate   normalize
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the number of lists from a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  list   a
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare a set of window type and use it as an cost model .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether time is on or off :return: the currently set time time zone .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load commits from a given client into a cassandra .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  load   copies
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates resolved metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  generates   updates
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  use_tz of a sample of ais coefficients .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo instance .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  command   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch an http url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  transform matrices with the same format .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  error   null
truth:  output   output

test:  indicates if a given context can be updated on a show context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   return
truth:  calculates   null

test:  produce the trial file .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  install   a
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a get like module .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the sha-1 threads .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  take   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  a signal handler for the main function .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  display a version of the ip address .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  show   show

test:  load a plugin file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  loads   convert
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach mongodb volume to the volume .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  determine if a callback is a correctly .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  open   sys
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  check that the given string is a valid python function .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by a set of nodes else a geometric geometric graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   default
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an http header in the identifying .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   dependencies
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the beacon loaded on the file/directory .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns the name of the given number .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  executes the compiler for this module .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  no search .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the type of the package type .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   find
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total total points counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the name of the instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively infer a statement after each statement in the statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to get the most route53 for the given series of their proxy .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  common assert_is in f and return only the leading form of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the reverse of the list is a b-spline method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a rule to each element of the given expression .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  compose   a

test:  creates an index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a string of the translation of a given host .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   number
truth:  turns   null

test:  save save information in a audio stream .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  display   import
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in supported language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  small configuration file management function .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculates the mle objective function for the given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the above tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual access string .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred time zone .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture to patch imports using the config config .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if a repository is an inherited revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set the fw rules in the remote server .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   virt
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  regarded a facilitate examples .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  index   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   search
truth:  does   null

test:  parse the location line for a ping code .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts a scipy string into a json serializable python json .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a parsed get_connection type given a thrift object .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a single resource from its name .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   a
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator that adds a method to a typeerror default calling its input .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a method to change the default log of a application .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initializes   code
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a reference to the backward dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  generates a flat list of numpy array of mongodb nodes .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the page from the given file .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  read   read

test:  get the authenticated connection and logout from a local machine cli example: .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from an array of sample support .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the cache version of the cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  getprime:long return a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an in-memory function that serves the matplotlib visual .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a path relative to the given cache file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   a
truth:  am   am

test:  print an error to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  exit   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses a exponent source .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  implements   null
truth:  end   end

test:  returns a string representation of a single string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail the test immediately .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  if   compute
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a new service dict with the specified name and return a dictionary with the passed name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert numpy/scipy .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   unit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 instances in the setup_py .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  given   null

test:  used to recursively copy a directory from the master .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given filter on a possibly event .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator that will force all database in the database .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  function   a
truth:  force   force

test:  prints a string to tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  order values of array values .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the ratio of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add arguments only used if running an existing conda argument .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the number of instances that have the given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  asserts   custom
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the simple server url : url the url of the server manager timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  undeploy   url
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bytes from a catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  check   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a file items in a stored path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  remove invalid senderkey from the senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  displays a twitter page missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  if   null

test:  return a signature of the named algorithm; using the supplied crypto module .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  dictionary   keys
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   version
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the directory database is a valid mime path .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate the peaks of the given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  retrieves the xunit object from the expression .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   links
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  map   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the database .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  if we can download an results format and export it to a generator that doesnt make it usable to the right format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   in
truth:  download   download

test:  this decorator aborts a decorated function in a separate test suite that spans to the decorated function in the 'salt fashion .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file and return its contents .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert the dictionaries file name to a list of dictionaries .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   try
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different output .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  given a .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a method so that it performs closed closed when the function is called .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect receiver from signal handlers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  makes dictionary of numbers along the given frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  make   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  define a deprecation function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  like   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor that have been hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   versions
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace spaces in a string with a given version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  revision a revision from a db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  test   call
truth:  get   current

test:  return a dictionary representation of indices per field lists .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get loops from a carve of a correct mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a list of command-line arguments in the string l .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user submissions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   page

test:  gets the mapping of usernames data for the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the expected value of the given text .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  test   json
truth:  check   check

test:  it should work with a subclass that an empty string .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a file and return its parse http response .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the connections and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a simple view that is used to process a particular user .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  only works on string .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print an error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a string for display to be used in a field .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  formats   a

test:  yaml: intf converts intf into intf plots .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   tunnels
truth:  run   run

test:  normal distribution from bits .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string for a given endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a boolean indicating whether x is a decimal type .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  logging message immediately .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the first largest largest elements of the graph g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the template for the given site .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a dns api call to the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends us its greet message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert a time in seconds since a time zone .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  require a authentication decorator .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include directories that should be considered within a path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of samples of the singular values of the singular values .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks if a given language is created .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  project   fix
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an album into the specified album file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   liuzheng712@gmail
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert x .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list the nat nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check whether a module is bind or not .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   activation
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a dictionary of fields for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the most common code for each state of the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas bundle name to a corresponding bundle name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  read   a

test:  return a valid directory to use for the project .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to performs authentication credentials from request .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that typechecking .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  test   grammar
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if the x is currently carbon .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is writable .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize custom manager .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   up

test:  create an cyclic string representation of a length .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view to get a grid of publicdef .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   source
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a list of tuples from the system .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns an ordered dictionary with the given string and ordered xml attributes .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  alerts a cholesky() and outputs the jupyter for a specified isnulled .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  simplified   chocolatey
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert a direction direction to a dictionary of extracted .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  confirmation of base64 .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send and receive promiscping querydict using promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   video
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first again of text by the text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : direct_declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to skip tests that do not have the same meaning as the test cases .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure an iis configuration name the locale for the given locale .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  set   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve the value for a given key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  formats a string using double braces .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper on image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up the config file for the test .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the path of the data .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  -   files
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over a stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  iterates   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a before_request server instance that encodes a audio .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  generates   parse
truth:  record   record

test:  an application that displays the routed application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instances for the given host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps calling methods of derived from attribute .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  point   call
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  imports   something
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing device alternate at metadata .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  copied   master
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores the asynchronous tags from a configuration item .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  resets   repeats
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts x to a string if it is not already one .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a current versions of the given identifier .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a handle to the lock directory that the process is currently installed .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of each element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  update   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  get a list of keyring keyring available on a system cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  null   x
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a simple function using fcgi .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  function   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the followed code of all active result on the system .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for a given linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  run   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like getattr but returns true if *obj* has a python object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a json list of yaml files found in the one of the appropriate one .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all ec2 documentation .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   a

test:  return all the folders under the folder passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   response

test:  cast an all-zeros argument to a dask .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   returns
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix 32 for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an http container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an internationalized resource identifier to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for the element to become a condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check to see if the vm is installed .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper for djangos warning for python 2 .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that injects a dummy method and passes the method .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  request   a
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   data
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the arp table for the specified table .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document and check the document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  lists all existing real and fake bridges cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  handle   list
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a message to the specified path .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  a decorator that skips a simple model with the given arguments .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  to   method
truth:  create   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  k k k .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  masks   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  creates a new model instance with the given parameters .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining publish shining plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  round a value using a given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  round   round

test:  remove an expression from a sympy expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  concatenate nested lists of arrays in each row .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  compares   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  alternative function of fetch_data() .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  generate   variant
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group to group and return the group .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  get an instance of a service .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an operation on an entity type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute evoked modified from a real fs file .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate a circle screensize screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  generate   registrations
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a dictionary of the nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  removes the url from the url if not found .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response to a no-op response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  is   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specific returner .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  function   information
truth:  return   data

test:  find a longest corrupts tree in the tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   plugin
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the ip address of the contact api requests .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  function   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a list of notifications for this modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check http: function for structures } .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  checks   checks

test:  converts the image in im2 format to floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a sql clause .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  does   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  select   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of tuples into a flat function .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin on a systemd instance .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks to see if the url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that these system input is a list of lists .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  compiles a uri .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  finds all ipynb that can be returned by the given uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the bug bug bug .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the detrend detrend linear linear linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   x

test:  get the current convert info to the server .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  module   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the fastcommentedheader reader should denote the start of a field in the program .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates art url from a string of art .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   p
truth:  return   art

test:  tests that no two permissions are not root .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  distance between and [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a class object from a string of the given models .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  converts a "surrogateescape" property into a string .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  prompt   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function using a custom method in a custom 'custom .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check whether a user can delete a author .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to see if we can connect to an ip:port url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that are currently used in the config file .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   number
truth:  return   return

test:  check the users locale settings .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   find
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the custom analyze analyze .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new exits to and from the two rooms .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  builds the number of poygon .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  returns   binary
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the unique uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a dynamic soap instance of a single type .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all nics for a named vm cli example: .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  get   find
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear all instances of the specified cluster .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  clear   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get only the flattened from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  find   find

test:  write the pil metadata from the file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   text
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove trailing whitespace from the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a dict mapping fields for each plugin in a given plugin .
truth: as above . 
test:  update   albuminfo
truth:  null   null

test:  release media list on media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  pull   media
truth:  get   media

test:  returns a list of file names from the bundled module .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of windows pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test the pytables function .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalizes a dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  replace   series

test:  returns a list of units that are searched by the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  seconds   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the 405 page exists .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for the purchase .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read the server defaults from a separate one .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  take   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the log-likelihood of a sequence .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label flip transformation for source to sign .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries as a template .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the specified returner from the minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the given service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  return   info
truth:  get   get

test:  removes duplicates and trace from line .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  name   version
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return an elgamal representation of an object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  subtract a message .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  render   format
truth:  denied   user

test:  generate an array of device like the given device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  create   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  converts an integer to a string of code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   restructuredtext
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template object that can be used as default .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  github   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace all spans of whitespace with a single space character .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   program
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculate the minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an images on the local minion .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   merge
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  rewrite a positional and check that the positional argument is one of the items in keyword arguments in keyword arguments in keyword arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  get gcode line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  split   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes menu menu .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number into a number of bytes .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  create an action on a dict of threaded threaded .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   call
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the sites instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities in a given dict of entities to check if they were in a custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given virtual machine has controller .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  matching   checks
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns a string with normalized sample data .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new steps class instance from a url .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  main function .
truth: open stream . 
test:  complete   function
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a single string of the users of a resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  null   aggregate
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors in an iterable from the given string .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple commands .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the points in a range header .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   changes
truth:  normalize   a

test:  launch the proposals of an imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  list   null
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test a bug that when two rows in another base base .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  url   url

test:  remove leading zeros from a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  string   string

test:  identify a command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a minions instance .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   add

test:  determine the last time of the path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  take an attribute name or a recursive attribute name .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  split   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  updates a vpn service cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this returns the more simple notification ie .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get client .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all items in component frames are compatible .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  if   error
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config key from the registry .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of all nodes that are descendants to be used in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the elements of a dictionary .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  s   comparison
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets off an elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   availability
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  format   null
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all parameters in a sequence of keys to the new values .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   bool
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a color to a hex color tuple .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  this is a decorator that just ensure that the request is restricted to parses and should not be used .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  compute md5 hash of the given md5 hash algorithm .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute silhouette with silhouette should be a silhouette matrix parameters x : array-like the felsenszwalbs size of an array of histogram .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  solve   generator
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts binary representation into integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  create   binary

test:  friendly wrapper around oslos execute() method .
truth: run a command . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send vehicle in direction based on specified vehicle and duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if pip is short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  displays   test
truth:  test   test

test:  init weight init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  return   header
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  get the set of indices from the given table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that all values in *choices* are the given css type .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  assert   object
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  adds symbols and fully-qualified classes to each of its prefix .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  generate   generate

test:  subtract labeled polynomial if f is true .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a string v .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of availability zones on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read all parameters from an instance of a given instance .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of dns services for this subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws keys .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   hook
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  content   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures a remote put to an existing remote .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username string .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  performs   part
truth:  set   set

test:  list all the repos in the selected python 3 .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  try to strip out the first whitespace in a header header .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  leading   strip
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char keys .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the recent recent activity user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email to a new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert :py:class:bytes or bytes to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of build file with the directory .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  replaces space character references in string with spaces .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  do   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine the devices id of an lvm host .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  transform a de into lines of the system output .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a server and port on an ismaster ismaster .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  map   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to the url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist varlist | ruleitem .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if access has access permissions .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   check
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies the method object type verifies the type type passed .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  sets   try
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a sigmoid consisting of inputs and a call to the softmax layer .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template in a bootstrap bootstrap locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print the database .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  take the named function and return a dictionary of those pairs .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy with a model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   gaussian
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  remove leading whitespace from the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a network in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets a new management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  get markdown text .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  return   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override views which receive a single test as a method that a method that takes in the patch argument and optionally unpatch .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   multiple
truth:  setup   setup

test:  safely set the given file to disk in .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  port   a
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps internal method inside class implementation .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  use   use

test:  step that are not provided in the specified table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  read   read
truth:  find   find

test:  entry point for the script "pyflakes" .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  like   try
truth:  start   celery

test:  checks if a given locale exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scans   null

test:  the main function works with the init package .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  make   run
truth:  test   initialization

test:  takes a string and a string .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  send   check
truth:  return   return

test:  run a single python script in a separate directory .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   python

test:  returns a sympy expression with uncouple .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a date in http headers to a string in format .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   date

test:  get the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by end .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the cost of a flow graph g .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decides whether there is a list of lists of all digraph of the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a datapath .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path of the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of lists of the unflatten value in n .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been matplotlib curve parameters .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints the text representation of the level of a level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting the given digraph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if its string is valid .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  returns   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers a python function into separate python-markdown .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  encrypts a random key .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  it computes the median absolute difference between predicted and actual ratings for users .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sparse dot dot product of x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request instance .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of free ports that should be found .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  count   count

test:  return the endpoint of the purchase that is currently active .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns random string value in the format: format: format .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   number
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  register a friendly page for the given response .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute of an attribute .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   return
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  return the paginated code .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - fail sanity check if the default module is passed .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  -   test
truth:  function   function

test:  create an in-memory file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the specified service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set on a cluster node in the cluster node only can only be run on a node with a given value on a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  tests for custom subclasses of custom variables which can do it with categorical .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  return   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if instance or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   load
truth:  work   work

test:  register a new account hooks for a given feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  performs a resetcycle return the node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  view   view

test:  extracts timeseries .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get permissions for given doc or list of table .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  get   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  set some plugins in the path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  clean   updates
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on whether git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   check

test:  hashes a password against a given password and optionally a password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel operators when parallel is smaller than parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   uses
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the status of a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  return   status
truth:  returns   task

test:  helper for raising metadata .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  enumerates   properties
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to be run via a specific client .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  decorate   run
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test test test fixtures for streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test whether this is not template .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the psi quadrature [1]_ .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the functionality for the project .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally conditionally send an email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  following   unicode
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all user subscriptions for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  get   search
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set it as an one file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   text
truth:  set   set

test:  tries to determine the numa size of a given image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  if   image
truth:  return   return

test:  a view method to serialize a request object into a switch .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  stacks the elements of the two pairs as described by the respective component .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove the user from the system cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   user

test:  generate sequence of lists of tuples .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a __doc__ tree in a http tree like project .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the number of non-zero elements of the x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a libvlc instance for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style "follow" "follow" (which .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   text
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  estimate bw of the lognormal of an expression in kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  return   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates a collection of parameters from the cuda collection .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  null   update
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access list from project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves the response hooks for a when a stream is present .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  hashes   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all the events in a figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  list   files
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the options .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a file using maxwidth .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  null   call
truth:  using   resize

test:  remove the each error .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  show   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  try to find a mpkg package in the specified package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get file keys available .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  return   length
truth:  file   file

test:  this function finds the accounts into a dict of accounts based on the signer .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   get
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the user activity age for a user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  confirm   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 iso8601 date to iso8601 datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get a map of the named entity name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a content-range range header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   current
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort an headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a function to ensure that the coordinate table isnt table for the given argument .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  based on a pascalvoc event search .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  null   master
truth:  return   return

test:  determine a timestamp for a requisite .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  query   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  solve a complex matrix and b .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  return   hook
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  take   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse matrix with matching shape and zero .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  -   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a new theano model object .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the hwclock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  setup   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  local autolevel autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  send a gcm notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  the entry point for the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  sets   management
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes of a child node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  parses a key which can be overridden into a standard string .
truth: given a key . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the given timedelta is a older of seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all dependencies of the queue fields are unique .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   events

test:  return information on open file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   pillar
truth:  return   return

test:  check that argument passed to the description argument .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  if   null
truth:  value   value

test:  extract the specified fields from a string .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  calculate and return multiple crop multiple image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an canonical list of nodes in g .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  null   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  check objects status when given a recently status code is called .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  check the log is a single test .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an http id into a token token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the precision string used to get the currency key from a currency string .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost of the cost function .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  compute   camera

test:  use_tz an instance of all required stats .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  init   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a dict consisting of the config class .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  checks if two lists are equal .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  does   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic function for a given signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate an private key of nbits keys .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  html configuration matches the user matches the given **route matches the given tag .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that the x11 class matches the given delay .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  transform a string into a directory structure suitable for use in a url .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  show http status .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock from a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split the netmask and return ipv4 netmask .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  s   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  work   run
truth:  run   run

test:  attempt to execute the dimensions of the polynomial features .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  which overridden the items are distinct .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a file if it doesnt exist .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   get
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields in primer for primer this is empty but dont have empty values .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  insert   item

test:  train the default roidb enough .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  dataframe   null
truth:  train   a

test:  returns the union of items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates python ip address for the current environment .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  take an and cast value .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  value   wrapper
truth:  value   value

test:  remove mako characters from a text .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   web
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a sequence matches the given sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  extract attributes from "xfs_info" .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest parts to the short approximation .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a hex string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  take   convert
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for a matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  read all requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   call
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate a tensor with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from tuple .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  update page or contain a single page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  update   default
truth:  create   a

test:  does a few few invoiced_qty} for construction in the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  runs   in
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations in directory .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  returns the labeller labeller labeller .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the current program manager if were not installed .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  boolean   update
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application with the provided options and ensure that the owners does not change correctly .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  try to guess the version of the tag .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  run the command and return its output as a background job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  construct   new

test:  checks whether a string is a valid error .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  code   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and get an arc from a grid of the grid .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  render an empty plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  index   index
truth:  render   render

test:  returns the list of alert for the vocabulary at the top level of the files provided by the identifier for the target + .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  endpoint   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a signature scheme object pss_sigscheme that can be used to create pkcs#1 v1 object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a list of image and returns a list of data labels .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  block   list
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs in the stubs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns an object from a string including module and returns the passed in .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs of proportions compared .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  converts   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the location in the git file .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a general order order coefficients using the differential api method of func .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator that closes subclass and base subclass .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  to   function

test:  generate an expression of the layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an integer .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  assert that the tp instances in the tp dict are the same .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  coupled coupled .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the element to become a appear with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   filter
truth:  click   click

test:  transform the code into default_port and really really .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  replaces   transform
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get the most recent tree dialog .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  filtering   nzb
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of dimensions of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   a

test:  reject the experiment experiment for a given experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  reject   number
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  read more model more than more document again .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  formats   links
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a dict from a set of option .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  pick and display fields back into the database .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  time   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  check if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculate an image randomly randomly generated rotation .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a llvm array of the struct types which can be created as a python element .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  get   get
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a servers url for a protocol .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  signal   print
truth:  declares   null

test:  depends flowgrams in the sff file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  back up the grid grid in the grid .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  config   a
truth:  send   send

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a string to a long as a long number .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  text   xml
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this function returns dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared from the tuple in the same way as the series .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  given   nodes
truth:  if   check

test:  return the directory for an absolute path .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles character .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the openshift secret for a given key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the toolbox .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   implementation
truth:  is   null

test:  set whether step default matcher parameter is a valid step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  default   null
truth:  change   change

test:  returns all the diff we need to write to a diff .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  print   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the given string is in the range .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that passing a astropy time from a string using a remove time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that resource eval with non steps in an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset db validation .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  decode a source string of a given source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper around memoized .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours modules cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to use in prlctl .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a new server in the server from the server .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a strategy that will be executed by classproperties .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the object has parent basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load a module from its entrypoint .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns true if point after point after the point was present .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get all items in an iterable that are unique .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare all tests for one of the others alignment .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true if the key exists in the trie datastore .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all ports created by quantum .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  generates yule walker .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  print   count
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos information and it in a user .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role for the default keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller - needed when rest add form embedded in default/person - only create a form embedded embedded in default/person controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  attempt to commit the package in a given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  to   null
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator that generates a series of supported summary .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  uses   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  this is the memory at a time series of the memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a ctypes function for a given argument .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the type name .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - create a new trunk port .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts urls in plain text to html .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if x is within child root template root .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  template   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a single gexf graph g in encoding .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   lines

test:  write a chunk of text from a fif file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the entropy mask given a list of comparators .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a variant of the error message .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   msg
truth:  process   process

test:  perform a loop until a reactor has a given reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  call   call

test:  runs include_names report as specified by list-like .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate command line for filtering the system .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  null   null
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users in the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns whether the bsgs bsgs base is minimal .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given hyper .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  check to see if the policy passed is not policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check non-explicit segments can be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts the sentences sentences from a string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that all objects with apropriate modules with newlines .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  returns   distribution
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a content-range uri into a dictionary .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the elgamal code that a in the array a in the elgamal and seed are none .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called automatically generated from a specific function to call the function to generate a post .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse search results .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   cast
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression helper function .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine whether the specified service is available for the callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a list of items from a list of items .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  like json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run web widget widget on a widget .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   path
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  quote a unicode string as a path name .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two dag lists in a single tensor .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  perform   a

test:  given a hex color hex color .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  hex   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper function to parse the missing missing missing values of a file .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a list of time zones to which a users number is a country number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for reading .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  test   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  finds all children of a given directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all mocks service tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count number of media player .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator for methods that may receive a single test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter adapter name or network adapter if it is not found .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the cloudstack to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if the value of the first index of p is greater than k .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a decorator that takes a cached query and returns a boolean .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  decorate   a

test:  it automatically strips "app/path/filename" for the given mongoengine .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  split the string content into two serialization .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should tags extract tags from scenario post data .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm that a token appears to be old token .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove any valid elements from the page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  check if the type is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  command   imports
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return the second stty-modifying instance for a given type .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a bad record on a bad file object has a bad output of the file .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   error
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  scale   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations in facts args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the facts dict updated facts dict updated with the result of the facts dict
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   provider
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string as a unicode string .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open a command using the provided host .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  string   string

test:  decode the fvwi sequences from a fvwi byte string into an integer .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  if an already should not find the same column .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   saml
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a list of exploration ids based on the given model .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test control of highpass input .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  ensure that its possible to exist if the stack is complete .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures a function is used in the wrapped function .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  this returns a data chart with the tag .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the first filesystem name from the filesystem name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones a sensible git repository with a master url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  null   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  enable the source location for a python frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  return   request
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a user .
truth: add tag . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test installing a wheel using download a wheel .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  shell an ascii-only encoded argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  submit   version
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  change   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a key for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd a cd after each reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   create

test:  error checking for routines that return logged in the subshell .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checks   none
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description string into a corresponding push_notification .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of header tuples and returns a single string .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  format   method
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition with the desired condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   helper
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   replace
truth:  fade   null

test:  parses a string .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   manifest
truth:  stack   stack

test:  detect directory like the filesystem directory .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  check   in
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  call   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  show   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a slice that will take arbitrary elements in a step slice coming from a step .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the backends according to the current image .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate missing count for each type .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  normalizes a number in a string of characters as a string .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a certificate cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the symmetric group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   product
truth:  base   base

test:  build a environment dictionary from a wsgi request .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  generate a class that can be used to get the module api .
truth: custom view . 
test:  cleanup   a
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper method for folders .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  format   null
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a string into multiple sub lists .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   camel
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate obj .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy table or database .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a set of of nbits bits of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  takes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  return   support
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the directory where directory is installed .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   ipython

test:  return true if the specified filter filter are enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  check   return
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a user as a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a function that can be used as a fake for other subclasses .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  module   repr
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true when provided address is the link-local all-nodes all-nodes .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is newer than sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  disable the logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  calculate all of the empty distributions in a list of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  test irreducibility of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  lists all timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get definition location of current repository cwd .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  to   get
truth:  null   os

test:  perform a certain action on the mounted server .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   function
truth:  change   change

test:  create a continuous continuous moment .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content of a primitive polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  provides   content
truth:  content   content

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  the dynamically creates the url for xblock information about the given block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add a billed to the queue .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  decorates   product
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a dictionary of acl acl .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the contents of a module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  create   import
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return labels for ignorable api url .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  gets   github
truth:  github   github

test:  returns sql query for all parent of a doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  name   session
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator for tests of jinja test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  takes a sample table and returns an otu table of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   otu

test:  checks to see if there are any active targets .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the metric value from the passed module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  generate   crud
truth:  gets   metric

test:  coerce a date into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the *x*-limits value of the angle between the two ndarrays .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a class with a specific name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts an integer to a string using the ascii-safe type .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  validates a string as a number .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  args: cookie : a cookie: header string returns: string: the cookie: dict .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  server   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ubuntu the module name of the process that is *not* to the frequency dir .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  configures   configuration
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a file s is a valid python object .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array test .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  overriden overriden to a remote host using a local one .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns extension of the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme that may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to support view only accept cors tuples and other requests for a view instance .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber number in the given phonenumber to a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks a csr .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  certificate   a
truth:  does   null

test:  returns a list of commands within the given format .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  like   like

test:  this is a helper function to pad some arr added to the specified number of descending or alloc .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  map   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute probability noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  null   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the login login page to the given url .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign front-end to right in the name of the right jwt .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   attempts
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return n x crange number of pickle .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a 1-in-n expression with the given number of parent fields .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validates whether the key in the list is a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  send a request to the other pointer .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  send   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns the dereferenced statistic for regression west .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load networks template files and backward certificate files .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data generated by entity into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string from the level of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to find out if it is a args: args the path string .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle arrays by the same as seed .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the horizontal matrix of a numpy matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current database cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  query   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validates that value is a valid email string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   email
truth:  validate   validate

test:  it reads a nifti format .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  set   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  generate a progress unique progress function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a matplotlib figure to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the system cpu times .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse a flags: swift key into an sqlite string .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a vm .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  run a flash message with the given name and code .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this function build the original graph for the given sqlalchemy layout .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  like   like

test:  given an entity string as a series of attributes .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transform   notification
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the given string with ampersands and > > .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  replaces   dumps
truth:  output   output

test:  create a new ports with a managed instance .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata from a deactivated cache file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  if   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  combine a certificate roots in a modechoice directory .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  given   client
truth:  return   return

test:  configures the global config file .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the first item that works with the given line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  null   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints out text or capture line .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  read the possible tree of the given path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  read   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  jk first distance and a distances on the node .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the matched number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training - training training - training a pickled graph .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache durations from the settings response .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default retrlines callback for removes everything 9 .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  input   load
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a string argument to a plain string .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract information from a starting version file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image by name .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is under idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  callback   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  run one or more nagios account from the database .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  change   run
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse http response headers .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  converts   parses
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  filter   items

test:  looks up an check with a set of checks .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wrap the device in the local device .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  install   install

test:  test whether a text is currently configured .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  null   example
truth:  if   test

test:  create a mock for a single widget .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  use   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify the validity of the source mount chain .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model in the cache .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  generates a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an joyent key for the given process with the given private key .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  returns a code that can be passed to the python code .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  text   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the filter for each variable in the sequence .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  delete   content
truth:  filter   filter

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  take   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake test control .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   fixture
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  display   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string and optionally succeed .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test a package with a tax children and add votes functions with a tax order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  debug function to handle any state passed .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  function   function

test:  for the bokeh mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm in a given monitor object to size in a given monitor object for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get distance from segment point segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a single quotes from a string .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  given the .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an item to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  content   a
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main reverse function .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  function   detail
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter command in the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list the genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a function that can be used in the current context .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  support   multiple

test:  validate lineedit .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  validates   role
truth:  run   run

test:  writes the file-like array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  creates   pil
truth:  write   a

test:  test some m2 .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function converts a string to a sha1 format .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  gets a constructor corresponding to a yaml string .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   get
truth:  used   callback

test:  get coordinate points within chunk that are telemetry .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  null   files
truth:  return   corners

test:  given a applescript .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  given   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and a drive specification .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used for the project .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  process   process

test:  get the module attribute of the given module name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  perform a dataframe for defined function .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the oauth2 draft .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  create   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the suffix from a string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition at the bottom of a given condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   return

test:  format a pretty representation of a given frame .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  given   format
truth:  format   format

test:  this function returns the string platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse properties of aws regions .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  given   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach a bcache disk device to each htmlform in the given list of device parameters device(s) : bool if no device is available .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into a dns message object .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command and returns its output as a shell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  try to get the users preferred object from a file as a python object .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  make sure that environment is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  checks   running
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list containing the libraries available on this platform .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a method method that takes in an api method and returns the api method as api method .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  use   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into a single host string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   call
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a dictionary of files in the provided directory .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string that can be used in a given file .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the resource from a path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  obtain   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an user email .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a stports form from a stream .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the specified file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  am   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  solves   implements
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help branch dialog .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  open   helper
truth:  opens   null

test:  takes a list of files and returns a list of filenames that are returned as a single answer .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  check   check

test:  get a intersection intersection of a line intersection intersection over a given intersection of p values .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the username of the users account .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  check a path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   a
truth:  if   check

test:  set the shortcut bit .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a timezone aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   sobel
truth:  view   view

test:  generate approximate approximate customers for each layer plot .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  deletes any orphaned instances that are met .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   loop
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   load
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that the priority of zero not zero or more types add .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a series of g .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute json command and ensure that it exists in json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a number in a base byte string into a base of the base type .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  string   null
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a generator that returns the sequences of the sequence .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  called   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  mavg plot .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  find   null
truth:  moving   compute

test:  creates multiple policies dict of dictionary classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  try to create a bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied snapshot to a file for the project .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   replace
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  create a new course with invoice code matching invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a batch matrix to a batch .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  turn   a

test:  execute a dsa request using the given timeout .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone filtered status .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates a iterables and converts to a iterables dictionary .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by compute host and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that is used in std std std a stream of the http_resp .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  outputs   function
truth:  function   function

test:  accepts a plugin bindings that returns true when the system is true .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using the one big api .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  returns the current correction as a policy elementwise .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  fixes   qubit
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  creates   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launch the tracebacks frequent .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  function   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  returns the kind attribute for the given entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   list
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings according to the given expression .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  have   print
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token using the dictionary returned by the current platform .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  check   return
truth:  null   a

test:  sets up the database .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a development environment .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version string in the given file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table table for the given string .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   in

test:  retrieves the datastore rollback" from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  if   database
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  check that value is a valid string or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute by the given attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  select   null

test:  get the hypervisor that are available .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  returns   dfs
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a file exists and is of an already pianobar .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  similar to the wrapped method .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the process .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the file is a votable file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the output of a function .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a function that will run a given template in a given reference .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment reject section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  page rendered by authenticated .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  normalize   page
truth:  null   a

test:  alternative implementation of logging .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs a 3d vim with timestamps frames and optional frames around around around around the broken: version of each data and adds a .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parses authentication auth entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  iterate through all the possible relative to the directory that should exist .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  file   up
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with json pacific notifications :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict :raises: .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  look   null

test:  given a numpy repr of the supplied function args .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  print all the information about the zarp stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test mne plot from a on-disk assumes a time in a numpy array .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   count
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  process a block scalar in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  null   indentation
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests that the status of two module authorized by the wrapped function .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an html scene scene .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate the full path to the executable directory .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute the input length of a convolution given convolution size .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise exponential minus one function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   exp
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse an expression containing a non cookie value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the specified gcm name is equal to the right .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   test
truth:  if   check

test:  validates all the plugins in the plugin .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  tests spherical representation of two spherical representation of two units are same as a accurately representation of the form was handled by making sense .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  check   control
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make sure that the user is logged in step .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course is privileged for the given block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the effect of a same topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  returns hostapi class from the same module as the compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the django test suite in the list of django labels .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if a loop is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make a class inheriting from the specified args and kwargs .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  used   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable version of the string .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a parsed yaml structure .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  attach   debug
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get aws key for the given target .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  content   a
truth:  return   return

test:  populate all links in the document as a dict .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  given a dictionary of items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  solutions of a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generates a web resource file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generate   resource

test:  take an server-wwns .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   data

test:  strips an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  email   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   python
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the camera .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   provider
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first precision .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes a single line of the database .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   fixture
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the content of a named file via the "templates" module .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  if   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline timeout to use for the current thread .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the given discid id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  search   search

test:  create a list of ordinal n from a string .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  generate slices of a single dimension of its dimension .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return name of a python string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  not yet yet very utf-8 encoded bytes to utf-8 if not yet .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  format the value of a given argument according to the argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  given a page name and a page of response .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  return   get
truth:  requests   requests

test:  splits a list into an iterator of backward corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a matching model with the given cumulatively .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to an modjk summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   open
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  view   new
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple wrapper around pyrax .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   send
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  find the user for the given uid id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an interactive shell to the given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   function
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest bom platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  ensure a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the configured backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify a package is a specific epoch name : the name of a specific package .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a out_path and a keyword argument .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  nested   return
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the month .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the expected dynamic list of the original list .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an iterable of combination containing the references selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert a binary array to a between affine value .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   configure
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure the user is deleted to remove user .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper around sparse .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  pair   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert a castra into a dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   convert
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode text from the gcode text .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  decode   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   uses
truth:  initialize   null

test:  partially error message to a bug file .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  error   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the display name .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the elements of a given matrix .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a qicon .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy the data from one file to another file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   text
truth:  null   a

test:  return the set of 4 entries according to the given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  null   utility

test:  handler for view specific indexing indexing .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  view   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  turn the text representation of a url into links .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   null
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the current time key cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  generate a dictionary of opening metadata .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the subtitle path for the given video path file .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  removes environments from a string of emailmessages of word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  get the function key to use to store the current function to write to a cache key .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  populate   function
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return an alloc for a larger .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  if   null

test:  attempt to find the systems and return the file descriptor in libc .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   check
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  turns   multi
truth:  parse   multi

test:  windows function to shutdown the windows system .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return all xml element of all xml xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  prints the correct view for a json test .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  null   -
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the name of the image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to the users relative to the query .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  split a pathname into two elements of duplicates .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories from dirname .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  log-likelihood of categorical distribution .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all the folders that should be removed by cursor .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper function to clean up after a test function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generate the map of images with the given name .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates locale for use in http locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  if   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return those items of elements that are those in the given list of den .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assumes the input index is an n-dimensional index .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  does   f
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  retrieve the identity value for the given user .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a powershell package to be installed .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the system task to be rebooted .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether a given value is a diskspace space .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  check that with gcrs frames are correctly .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   facet
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a dtc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  takes   enumerate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: like @property . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  send vote event for a particular course .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of linearly nodes .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the contents of the cookie in the past .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  accept   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   lock
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show show show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  get a server by id or id .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  look   find
truth:  get   a

test:  avoid the invalidating dictionary .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes a pickle string and return a pickle object .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   workaround
truth:  serializes   a

test:  attempt to extract a zipfile zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  enable the locale locale to see if the lvs module is absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse a mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like os .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   vector3
truth:  transform   transform

test:  converts a unicode string to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  list vms on this azure account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a job is absent on the computenode name : string name of the docstring to remove user the volume to remove user .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the use of functools model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble module into separate separate files .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  running   a
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  regression test for url this should handle the default passed in .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   check
truth:  url   url

test:  test that the json object returned by anonymous are not set .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  test   responses
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns instance metadata as a nested instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard deviation of the given given list of values .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps in apps with given schema .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   tps
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace any string by using certain characters .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  find   null
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines of text .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  whitespace   lines
truth:  string   string

test:  return an esxi firewall for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   a
truth:  show   status

test:  place profiling information .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return command to python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a single thread to gpu for the cuda number of cuda .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write the metadata file from an object file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a file if it does not exist .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @hosts only applicable in @roles of @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  run   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a string referring to a system_controls .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  make edges in a source space .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify reject section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a tuple that matches a reverse lookup .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   null
truth:  like   like

test:  calculates the hypergeometric correlation coefficient for a univariate distribution .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  given   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return an program path .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  find   program

test:  make a function of a form of a callable .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the babel language is the babel locale for the given language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  helper method for flattening of classes or type .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  following   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns intersections of handlers matching by prefix and return all handlers matching prefix .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the filename looks like a python module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  does the tests in the template .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  calling   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the default version of the user-agent .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a datetime to a string of days .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  project an existing wiki wiki :return: serialized wiki :rtype: str .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  view   view

test:  elementwise exponential function of the first kind of the given vector .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a bytestring .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  allocate   null

test:  return the returned returned by the course_key .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  retrieves   order
truth:  null   api

test:  given a list of differing .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  recursive   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the region of the region between the given calculate .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  imports   style
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for running tests on a single argument .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  get a proxy for the received proxy .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts an exception object to a direct response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  converts numpy array to boolean values .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the elements in a sentence .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  removes   none
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code in a code file into a python data structure .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parses   imports
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder sample from list of sample samples parameters nobs_all : poll_for way or smartos .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   names
truth:  null   null

test:  read bti head shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   control
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the size of a string as a byte string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message and exit .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all the divisors of a given set of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the distance of the rademacher is the distance .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute h for shortest centrality .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  search   search

test:  bounce bounce diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  parses an inventory from one call .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to the provided token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  determine true if there are variants based on any of the given path .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a long to a string of byte order .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  enable the test general boolean depends on a boolean .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  produce markdown formatted string .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  this is a decorator to ensure that the error is raised .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  parameters kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  determine   kernel
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   xprotect_reports
truth:  return   return

test:  display reconstruction of the given model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a mapping of error codes to the error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a package name is joined to a specific search name the place to remove search name the name of the place .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms - restore a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a list of strings for indexes .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a boolean .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   title
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address from a list of distributions .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  generate   mac

test:  lists all services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  avoid   os
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a unicode string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory using the given scripts .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   polynomial
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  given a valid like fields .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  use the rtl layer .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  text   sigmoid
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a tuple of eigenvectors .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a string using the regex .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  guess   guess

test:  prompts to a signal in commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   runs
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages for git .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a matplotlib show to this image .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  http error handler .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate a list of pairs as a properly list .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   function
truth:  format   a

test:  setup up the default logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  make a testapp .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse an event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a cg .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  do   a
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of active queues required to represent the state in the state .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a particular server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  replaces all .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  splits   size
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that a specific python is installed cli example: .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exiting rollback" while compare two consecutive fields .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  spyders   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the datastore data from a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the value is a lookup method .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to generate a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the github api v1 .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  function   function
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  writes the secret from the secret dictionary .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return chunk of file based on a specified gzip file .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method returns the contents of the file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  read   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of the length of the line .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the specified date based on the passed course classes .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the bc of duplicates and raises an error if the duplicates value can be parsed .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure a function always return its path .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assign a metaclass in a 2/3 compatible fashion .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm data from file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   complex
truth:  read   read

test:  return the reading and raises a string .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  read   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write votable table to disk .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  checks to see if the site has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find floats in floats .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  null   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a string path to a local local file path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if any of the given path matches the given pattern .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  check   function
truth:  return   return

test:  add a bunch of volume with xs .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write the quoted statement .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  just ensure that the settings in the start of settings are not set .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms the nodes in a dict to a python dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a web site .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  null   open
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the power of the first power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert an action array to a new action object .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure that custom completion completion works correctly .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone object for the current thread .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add new instance to the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy a specific instance type .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a team to a github team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  save   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the first engine of a process by running the process check the process .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  set   info
truth:  return   return

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns list of module list of module info .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  walk   output
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the content-type representation of the dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get lines with distance from distance variable and distance variable .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  export   get
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a pickle column can be added to pickle .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  validate the contain contain contain a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks a sequence of kinds sizes as returned by the specified results .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  start   patch
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify the fits file checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  returns an entrance exam descriptor for the specified exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  check   workflow
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterator for the abi file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   indentation
truth:  breaks   up

test:  issues a system to the system cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  save   null

test:  runs markdown over the markdown serializer .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  demonstrates   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits a template path which splits the last template path for the given template path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume from a specified instance .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that all column does not have negative cases .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  prompt   block
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a filename as a ask for the datastore .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   print
truth:  ask   null

test:  check if n is a safe integer safe to test if n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  does   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate the hash type of a string .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to colas .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  accepts   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  read and get the given gpu name from a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  read   path
truth:  return   return

test:  converts duplicates into a single list of pairs .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  compute   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  hsg text generator for listing recovery .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   a
truth:  header   header

test:  deletes the sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches the database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a records that yields the specified uri from a uri file .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  return   get
truth:  given   a

test:  sort the distributions in a plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  given a graph g .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   check
truth:  error   error

test:  convert multiple space into a space-separated list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a duration into integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if the repository is within the repository folder on this dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a tuple of paths to the history file .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   points
truth:  null   resource

test:  define the sympy language .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   object
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description sets the description for the project .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define java_library binary files .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   null

test:  a base class for the base base document .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set whether or not given list of desktop .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  change   current
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the signals signal and return them .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  connect   connect

test:  see :meth: .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  returns   expr
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a decorator that has a single selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  compares two numbers of the sound function .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  import and return a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   null
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker distribution in on the remote host .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   install
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : lparen arglist rpar .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the file path without the same name .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  null   check
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the minc is not installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  if   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon machine learning .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or a dest .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   source
truth:  file   file

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  check if value is a valid python string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return sensitivity counts for the given livejobtracker .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  function   dummy
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for a task that as: tasks .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   task
truth:  build   build

test:  constructs a wtforms field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type information section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot a single image and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  masking   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send answers from pillar with passed name .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   generate
truth:  send   send

test:  check if the specified state is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a canonical type for a given name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  parse a dictionary containing a boolean specifying whether it seems to a properly formatted format string .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  to   null
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a metaclass with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns combined data from the provided existing list of evt_list .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  encode   text
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return a unique filename for the given mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri into a tuple .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parses   method
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get a specific i18n mod name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  loads   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from a sorted .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   point
truth:  add   cube

test:  given an array of rgb values .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  returns a += notification notification visibility whose digests are defined in test_dependencies .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  simple html view .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  like last-modified .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  prefix   pprint
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   stream
truth:  edit   edit

test:  short version of track for which timeout to connect to the respective .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  null   null

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  find a c{old} record given its name and the rest of the module .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  name   null
truth:  split   node

test:  returns the canonical form of a file or a directory .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone for a channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compute the fullrank .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  compute   time
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format are not created .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message twice -> show twice .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   display
truth:  show   show

test:  get the docs file for the filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions from a list of functions .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  list   assert
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask the docx list of files to handle .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   scan
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   names
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first stream of the given stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets telemetry data .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  get   get

test:  this function converts db to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns task status as a json string .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  null   up
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the speed url for a given limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a model model instance from the given module .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  contributed by removing elements from a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   qos_specs
truth:  get   get

test:  renders the given markdown text .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   null
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  like bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  null   quote

test:  format a datetime object for unix timestamp .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   rfc
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual definition to protocol definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group security group security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid valid exploration ids for the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a outset for working with a extra_model_fields for the given engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify the actual censure censure and their corresponding censure with the expected values for both the whole line and their corresponding values .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  check   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  rsync version of urllib .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  push   plots
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  authentication and returns a cloud cloud cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a dynamic service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  send a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  verify that the masking order is properly returned by a few masking order .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  try to get the current version of an user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  grab   drac

test:  submit submit command to unique power of account .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  null   find
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated elements .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task for given subscription .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  changes   update
truth:  sends   a

test:  check if a file is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   test

test:  it should run only the servers instance .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  get   running
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns the acoustid metadata as the corresponding non-existent data .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  finds   exception
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as url implementing po file .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   number
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to create a parent action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   action

test:  check if the specified service is enabled on boot .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to represent a dataset that is a simple dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the footer about the service .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  issues   generate
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of unfinished jobs for the given unfinished .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute kernel kernel .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  applies   *
truth:  create   create

test:  get configured error details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   null
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form through the given params and populates the template context with a comment form signup_form if they use .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check that name matches the length of a valid recognized name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   target
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function makes sure plotly described in a configuration file .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  checks   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine if the id of the block is null .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  take a protocol protocol protocol .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  given   tests
truth:  map   map

test:  add default parameters to the applications table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  null   nova
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check that year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  read robert .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  performs multiple abundance otu otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  classify   feature
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the coverage test suite to define a test package .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  if   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the count of the number in an array .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  matches   call
truth:  insert   item

test:  update the stack frame and return a list of opmapentry .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  null   list
truth:  required   items

test:  ensure that an image exists in the registry is 'latest' .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  push   push

test:  parse cobbler unspecified: .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   mapping
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  return the function responsible for the given series instance .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   markdown
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for "push arguments in stack .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  construct   fixture
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  checks if the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts the user if a particular password is logged .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  heavily is a string before generating text before generating a cursor position .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  flag   sql
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  similar to language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick channels of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a generator of the nodes in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into a list of the header .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  function   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  to   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper around a path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  return   string
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the data into the minion cache .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  change   replace
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna help objects for a project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 if not end with utf-8 .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module object for a particular module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the geonode application .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   lock
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find line containing one or more lines in ninja-ide .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   code
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  to   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the process in the registry .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  perform an entity handler on an entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  take   function
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one argument into a single string .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   results
truth:  null   argument

test:  get whether the qurl is a url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command command name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  to   null
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for standard resource .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check nova in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  returns the theme name .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a query string and returns a sequence of via a list of lists .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  helper information about the instance info dictionary .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  prints the email with a certain number of gpus .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  if   i
truth:  have   i

test:  given a string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize a hostname on the form names .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules from all modules with name modname .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  accepts a dictionary of query parameter string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to make sure the exceptions is not in the given context and can be used .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given string to stdout .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students in students x .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  updates   view
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type for a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   sequence
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  returns all options from all apps .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate metadata for a validates file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  given   gradient
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot the time of a rate in a nice table .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  determine whether a given user is students to download in a given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  use this to encode a char-like object into an utf-8 .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files that can be used to pretty an array of the machine to a given service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  execute a remote execution and return a dict of the new one .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random enough number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the area under the elementwise 147 .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request url from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all of the virtual environment and their locks .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a field field for a query string .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a python plugin names given a look for the given plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convenience function for converting json into a list of words .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines whether there are any db that should not be given by processing .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  return   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating uri .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieves the course enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get cython filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  look for a device in the sauce service .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   args

test:  return the path to an egg in already point .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  it should extract the scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the rdm create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should parse the first scenario parsed tags .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert none to html .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  format   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the unicode long path from a string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  does   find
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares the paths and returns the paths matching the given paths .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a network object under the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure we can render a zero-filled level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  do all tests in the correct meaning .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using the extended code and environment variables .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a unicode keys string into a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a file or a path to a path name .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  get   path

test:  reads an integer from a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  read   position
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  finds   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a recordsensor service on the given tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  username   alternate
truth:  change   primary

test:  probability that a value from a value from a certain pmf .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats an exception into a pretty way .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the current deprecated tense .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover the file list by any files in the provided directory .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  import   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  generate a list of all simplified terms .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  called   function
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  runs   c
truth:  display   display

test:  get volumes that match specific volume_type .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  ensure that the parent item is saved .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  converts a string to positive integer according to the given string .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the maximum number of api calls for the particular user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server by id .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a new client for a single vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate dataframe code : name of the dataframe parameters index : python index of blade_root .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  if   function
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the messages and delete the delete session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email as a sequential email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is used .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this any web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   appends
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize any character specified in the model .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  null   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url for given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  function   integer
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a dictionary of fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print input to user .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a finder window used by command-t the vim command used by the finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   path
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to acquire a request to an api call .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert longitude to the integer exclusive as a string .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  normalized   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country action and checks its country codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  writes a message to the specified title using the specified status .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a recipient message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add an undirected path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the absolute path of the values as a matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the packages to the invoice with the invoice content .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  download   download

test:  validate a dictionary of attributes from a configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a string referring to a list of strings .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of state from the system path .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces python quotes from their respective text .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips a ccx string from a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a new datetime object with original and optionally utc .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5sum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a nxm nxm entry for the given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate volume specs associated with given qos type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  associate   volume

test:  inverse of the spherical cart for an image .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  computes   sphere
truth:  convert   convert

test:  represent the given input string as ascii bytes .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  convert   works
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the signals from the source files to be passed in .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string argument into an imap4 operator .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  null   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check the none of the none and numpy example: .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   hook
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httprequest .
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  alternative function for the animation of a complex function .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  executes   import
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children of the children of the parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a string corresponding to the given error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of urls that do not change the given urls .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the namespaces on the system .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   url
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  signs   shows
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  runs the last_state for the input test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   up
truth:  test   test

test:  install or create a role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  get the value for a given process .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  function   value
truth:  compile   option

test:  get equated geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the platform name from a http transform .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  gets   decimal
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to the resource relative to absolute path .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  take   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the doctest file exists .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  pressing   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for a specific augeas path .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to get google from google .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   event
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove files from a list of directories .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel list table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes only filenames of python frame records for each frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  fix   docstring
truth:  to   try

test:  determine if the given power is a power of disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  set   stop
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  default function to return community data .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections in a set of descending indices .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given name is a list-like instance .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  is   tuple
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a nibble nibble encoding into a string .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  does   bytes
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  returns the trace of the expression .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  tests that the generated params are installing correctly handles a string of different values .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the key key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validates if the loop name is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  set   fix
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the specified profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform float data prediction using several layer mlp with tanh parameters data : ~numpy .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a dictionary of data as a list of dicts .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  converts   a

test:  python implementation of unknown python script .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure that the container agent is connected to the container .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   enable
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of data bits per content .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for delfacl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a mini-batch of 2d convolution operation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  reduce   import
truth:  null   null

test:  create and return an instance of matroskas that first call in the twisted database .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  null   api
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test that outline function filters a mongodb matrix .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point for basins routes .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the protocol database object based on the boolean wrapper .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a string-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of the specified param .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  replacing the requests response with the provided result .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  take an application error and retrieves it .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate a list of symbol that are not count on different locations .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  content   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a deferred with a particular permission .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  turn a control service into a long-running client .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class object suitable for use in serializers .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the nearest bit set of zero indexed by zero .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively traverse all files in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  null   null

test:  add linear .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  insert   information
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if the stage should be retried .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts db property .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   a
truth:  db   db

test:  raise a l{typeerror} exception with an html string as list .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   vector3
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns a tuple consisting of the entire matrix .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  list   prompt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given path/method has a generic field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a toplevel widget that can have been toplevel .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units are marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler instance .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update the notification from subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  open a new host using the given host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet test cases for l .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  reads all options from a configuration file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  compatibility routine for url this function is called on a new-style module that should call multiple time .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  create   print
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return file cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the remotes list .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  prints expired sessions based on port .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  return   block
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure the tag exists in the tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a minimum into parts: .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  solve a single conf of a single variable using the embedding app .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function to be passed to the net .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   calendar
truth:  simulate   a

test:  finds the merge in the merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model instance for the given model .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the default log exception not a class .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for the periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps filename to a given directory .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  do   filename
truth:  replace   replace

test:  deletes the specified group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop sending state .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   details
truth:  hold   hold

test:  when given python virtualenv is created .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  given   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system 'cscript .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of bits that are between the given number of digits .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve duplicate provider messages for mysql functionality .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator that ensures that a method is used on a single provider .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  change the given image into a set of key-value items .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  null   check
truth:  generates   a

test:  find the last use_tz for the given user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stop the answer by sending an event to the input image .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all db ips in the database .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to enum_specifier .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the maximum distance between the maximum distance matrix .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the rank of the array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  require   percentage
truth:  take   a

test:  sets specific networks cli example: .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given an array of small slices .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  given a line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  analyse a page through title and restart the title of the title .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  if   check

test:  list the contents of a remote host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  takes a color triple and converts it to an integer .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods to be logged in modelviewsets .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  validates that username exists in the user is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions that return a geometry string .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compares two arrays and returns ax^2 .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  return   partitions
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the deprecated version of a deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  is   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which sensitive used in the decorated view is handled by the operations used in the decorated view .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  ensuring   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return integer migration or a target_update-compliant integer .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return a utc date instance for the given zone .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   date
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors name from the bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted false} if cors false} if cors false} if
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  add teardrop info set points to the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   control
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  force   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register all widgets in the admin widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for url .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a qiime_config or command to an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  process a template with a template tag .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   render

test:  test whether x is either a list or a dictionary .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  convert   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  generate a celery tool from a string of tool .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  input   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a document that can be used in a document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  send rendered summary of a given section_key to a given report .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  use   a
truth:  upload   executive

test:  creates a file in the current dir .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock wrapper to mock mock data .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verifies that the given attribute on the given class attribute should be automatically set .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  use   tests
truth:  to   null

test:  check that the given version is supported .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a specific query that matches the given criteria .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  delete   queries
truth:  query   query

test:  create null locator .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  test   null
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a dw matrix from the elements of each node .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an snmp scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write a list of tuples to the reports .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  null   git
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get equated geometry output from a path .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the path to the resource icon .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  null   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  multiply two elements of a single vector such that any dimension is less than or equal to the right .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns entries for a given domain or domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   handles
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a report from the given name and returns a report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a zero-filled network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   object
truth:  test   test

test:  internal function to format option parameter .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load this module if heat is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  module   return
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  s   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  if   update
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the provided password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  check if a module is importable .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  load   check
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test whether a path is a directory of partially .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  makes   filesystem
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit is correctly .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  unpack datetimes points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   encode
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is enabled successfully cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  creates windows .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the sdist binary .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   sdists

test:  retrieves all volumes .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return square .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared where all values for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  running   a
truth:  list   list

test:  removes first elements of a multi-line multi-line multi-line multi-line .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  create   wrapper
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with a type of the given *indices* .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   a
truth:  build   a

test:  check if an old title in the given slug are available .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   page

test:  create a copy of f from f .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that ensures that the user is required to access this is the wrapped deprecated .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  set   virt
truth:  default   default

test:  gets the template variables from the code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the circular mean squared mean of the passed data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  move   move

test:  generates initial initial scale .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check that something isnt a reference in the same file as being a tensor .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change the function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  null   decorator

test:  called when the cloudtrail command is being built .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  walk   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the first commonfooter version of the post .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another function .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that before and after each input .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  null   text
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gets the titles of a requested attribute .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   find
truth:  read   read

test:  test whether value is an none .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a sympy expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  time   function
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the file spec for the specified python module .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number in bytes into a given number .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   convert
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a user as a domain for a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract field signature from string .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  create   utility
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a site time .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  read each file and return a dictionary of data .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   config
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the string similarity between two vectors .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  implements   implements

test:  given a range of timestamp .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the indicated indicated url for the specified network device cli example: .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shows all metrics in the given section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  display   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with datetime objects not serializable .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for a json option to parse a json object .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation navigation item for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a simple form with a simple template .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   display
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the executable from the fn of a file .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes points and the margin function .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  make   generic
truth:  surround   ax

test:  sends a message on a topic to a specific configuration .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert whether expected and mask are the same .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  call   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   listening_ports
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the color(s) color on the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the pid exists .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate the provided property .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  command   function
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  find the headers in the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros tuples of a given tree with the given input tree .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  select   convert
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement the string to fix the contents of a text to text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  convert a vif model to a network .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  my delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  username   add
truth:  apply   action

test:  specific power type name .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  if   virtual
truth:  if   check

test:  register a set of all the strings in a particular iterable .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns qual stats object of a bins bins bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  list   a
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds the first biggest instance .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a dict of valid license license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   run
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two versions of a version numbers .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   verbose
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an immmutable list for the given iterable object .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a form name from a node .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that exposes a test of objreg .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks the finite value of a single matrix .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  like   like

test:  test that voigt works with non-aligned evaluation of the mutable model .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   searches
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  use this plugin into a class object that is provided when creating an instance of evennia .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   django
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over the indices in a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return a python object compiled from a given object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  config   key

test:  imports an load key .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert timestamp to integer .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  take   value
truth:  converts   a

test:  for computing the elements of x .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a single object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a class .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recurse recurse of a flash encryption players .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the base64-encoded value of a secret key .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a proxied attribute with attribute for attribute *attr* .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  updates the value in the file like a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  if   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 api calls .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  only work with given http response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  return nested items of an iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a fake dataset instance from a list of sequences .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a form from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure bad setv binary is compile .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   argument
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert rabbitmqctl component to trace entries .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for a bilinear polynomial .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   kernel
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the initialization activity when github .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an httpresponse with some arbitrary data in it .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the fitness for a sequence .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  parses   class
truth:  null   class

test:  deletes a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  derivative of cellname .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  check if the specified function is running under the accepted run .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a handler for the service to send a request to its status .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  allow   alias
truth:  log   in

test:  copies protobuf message to a protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for a pattern in a chunk of a 1s by replacing the given pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the set of current figure .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the number of samples in a geometric graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   graph

test:  add a given argument to a given number .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get markup from a text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq buffer .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   requests
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether a and equal to equal to the distance between two postcondition: .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pair   information
truth:  null   null

test:  convert dd-wrt elements in a string to elementree .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  creates   filter
truth:  text   text

test:  calculate number of randomly variables for given tenant .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean for a given long .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign sign to sign a blob .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  make   null
truth:  signs   a

test:  this returns the style style name .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  private function that get a status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a 2d dictionary of lines or a dictionary of ints .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  handles a report as a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if a server accepts connections on a remote server .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  create a config object .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  generate   trace
truth:  null   section

test:  generate a generator that applies to 1 in the given list of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   event

test:  return a testsuite for all the test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the output of the nest to an ssh display .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  null   call
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests creating behaviour of base type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   function
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a users full before saving in the specified service cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  set   null
truth:  change   change

test:  update an map of a lut representation .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   child
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of a instance instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   string
truth:  describe   null

test:  temporary value that should not be used to get default .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an specified bank into the specified data .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   null
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate a series of distorted box args: image : the area to crop returns: a series of distorted .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get an email address in the provided string .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a package to be coerced to a package using the pkg name .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  given a context .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   python
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri for the given name .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  the orbits of a orbits with the strip_accents_ascii bretts and the comma function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   copies
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts a data string .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the display spec for the specified canvas .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  take   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the notepad notepad config .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  look   null
truth:  function   function

test:  sets the counter for the current thread and resets the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  does   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  format text as a different document for output .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  text   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   worker
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to temporarily add a given python source for the given port .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the contents of the file .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  given   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for listing a vm on a virtual machine .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  let   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  take   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the coe .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create the default process .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  decorator to convert none to a numpy array .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove database records from the db .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blobinfo blob field .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the manifest for a given file path .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert resolving code or python code to an integer .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  given   length
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts the list of arg from the request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  parse a string according to the data_format argument .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  tell worker(s) to send the current power to a given power .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the dictionary of known python script .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a short id into a id_3 id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  read the plain text using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   update
truth:  update   update

test:  test an reconnect .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string containing a latex form into a latex string .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free pointer on windows .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the pants version of the pants version as a string .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file mode .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   open
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath a real device name based on bcache dev :return: basename of bcache dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two lists where so that we can velif have a new one .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  get a file system in the current time .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a textual string made to a slugify .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip additional parameters from the provided query string .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  strip   strip

test:  determine and attach a dummy node to the node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a fixture to set enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  function   fixture
truth:  configure   class

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  reads   unicode
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extracts the token from an oauth2 cookie request .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  text   null
truth:  given   a

test:  compile one of the wcs from a set of wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a template rendering with the given arguments and return its data as a unicode string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  markdown   install
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  evaluate the values of the given vector u .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generator for tuples .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterate   crud
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in controllers setup for the galaxy app .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  null   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the character numbers in the given string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  apply   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the geometric conj between a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change new and original keys .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a dict containing the basket key for a basket variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solve a solution given a system and b .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of expanding .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   users
truth:  color   color

test:  iterates over the message in a sequence of next values .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  build a yaml table string for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  formats   formats

test:  subtract a string as a mock of two texts .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  prints   indices
truth:  mock   mock

test:  generate a form of the data from a form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   mode

test:  check a sql query string .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  function to mimic the test cases for a test function .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the class specified by the type code for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a python module to a string containing a formatting .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a document to the static file in the given document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named database is present name the name of the overlay to delete password permission to create the user .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  store   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file paths from a vector3 directory .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make http request .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  sends   -
truth:  put   put

test:  gives the 1-d slices of a tensor .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  given   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a value is less than other than other than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  read a single file in data format from a file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns a valid string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  return   method
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms callback .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  null   records
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches all exploration summary for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  a function for creating a list of inorder .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  preprocess untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  deletes   redirect
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a qos qos to dump as a file .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  url   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the given response .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the required device size for this device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile cli example:: salt myminion instance .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  require a request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns one or more units that are not in one of the units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  display a list of all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  test doctest_mode expansion .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a recent pathpatch path to a 3d pathpatch .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require several required package or a module to be uninstalled .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  module   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the app .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  check   null
truth:  install   django

test:  sets the pyglet config settings .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  set   gl

test:  attempt to determine the current working directory for a given python cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a blank property for additional information for a particular object .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  define   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a unicode string as utf-8 bytes .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  install or create a init app .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  null   add
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  checks if a theano variable is a theano theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   filesystem
truth:  check   number

test:  check whether the given item is over the limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  usage   usage

test:  produce the linear 1d distance between the 1d boolean values .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  estimate   source
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  uses   connect
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validates if s is a color or unicode string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should extract a step step correctly date from a step step step step step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  check   mapping
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting consisting consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the filesystem name for a file in the directory file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the number of bits of the binary elements of a binary string .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of normalized chunks of text chunks .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the pack version string to a pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a dynamic tuple of dictionary .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup modbus binary sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random chunk of length record_size .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the s3cache dir .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data into a data data store .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url for a base .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a ~astropy .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  wrap a view function to render a template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  return   find
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a due date as a 3-tuple .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  deletes the virtual environment and place the virtualenv for the provided path .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set a parameter for an obj .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file in the given path and returns its data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the manifest directory from the package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets messages into the backend loaded session data .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a string representation of the closest date in the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of cohort discussion discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the path to the given tree as a height string .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns prefetch .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps options and replace all the source files .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from a target .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   image

test:  a view that responds with the dpid provided dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  makes   checks
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the cluster to the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  rotate   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new query object .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the superset list of column names from this file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  calculate the intervals of a quadratic image .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves the value for a particular key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to a onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  compute square-free roots of a polynomial field in k[x] .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   use
truth:  return   return

test:  set the retcode layout .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar spacing between an instance of a colorbar .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  this function is used to calculate the memory setting for a given setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  prefixes   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test the quantity of a quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  ignored   one
truth:  test   test

test:  check the service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  generate an expected bar for a given value .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  return   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  converts a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  construct a angle from expansion of a specified function .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a buffers array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects from a string .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  takes a key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience function for resolving tests that have been implemented in the conjunctive .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  text   up
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  get a dictionary of the items for the duration of a test .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively include links in the given directory and all .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  if   call
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a function if denied is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of default arguments for each function in a given dict .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  see if the character of a byte string .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of the tags that are available .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the trimmed mean of the gamma function ar parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this is only used in the dummy database .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an ssh connection to the ssh server .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  default between the default library and led led default .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  merge   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature that can have a feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a embedded tree of the object .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  return   root

test:  like inspect but can be considered to a user .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  prompts   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a bitmap string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the zoneinfo file descriptor .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  generate a batch of sequences .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the itilbert implementation of a angle of the specified area .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the free module if the kernel is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the snapshots inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create a 2d sample from a distfitmc sample from a series of distfitmc parameters x : array_like the number of variables for each sample size : scalar the sample is
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  null   values
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory where the default module is saved .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  return   current

test:  test cleaned of tf-mxne .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the path of a getlines file .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  mock   content
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 the p4 command .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a port number to cpu seconds since cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string for a name of the name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  name   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default path for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   vector3
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return a module as deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  return the distance distance between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  strips   up
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a directory and an optional private keyword arguments .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests gmail]/ folders when gmail]/ is created correctly 3: 3: with similar option when they dont have a if: .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  do some necessary and/or override in a string .
truth: return the text . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   get
truth:  provides   null

test:  send an notification email to a initiator for provided email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  remove the base64 encoded text from a human readable string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  return   text
truth:  null   a

test:  verify the mode is not installed .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  make   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the cloud storage repository .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  only load a dictionary of salt:// based on the value passed in a dictionary of query tuples .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory like dst .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  jacard our a = coefficient + 1 .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set a learning value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a given given video .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to unicode .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the qsub job .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  function   source
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a certificate string from a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   mock
truth:  to   post

test:  return the sql hash of the query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generate shared size .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  function   number
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find the executable file to executable executable .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from the file system .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   indentation
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns rows on a row and returns it .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the string with the static file path .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  is   null
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess used for the current thread .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the image at low images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   im1
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a new hashing object .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  like dir() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  calls   print
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore publish pathignore in pathignore .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current underlying underlying underlying name of colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an open message with the local options and returns a message .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the trace for a given python frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  set   try
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the environment for the project .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  performs a binary image from a numpy ndarray .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  null   print
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns the descendants of the descendants of the parent dates .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  obtain   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query by an list: query .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a decimal string to decimal in utc .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all the logging git .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  converts an html graph into a beaker form .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read data into a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  try to extract tag from the current page in a string format .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  print out the user is logged in .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load the module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the roles is present and has the html setting .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the column name is initialized by column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of public-facing .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  return   find
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   names

test:  verify the name is a valid test .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to an instance of switch .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  verifies   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of inter-community edges according to the given in_filter of the nodes of g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loose direct table .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  generate   wheels
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  convert the provided size in bytes to a valid size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  return   size
truth:  null   invariant

test:  pick plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  creates an array of shape from a given shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform depth: a string .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  post   post

test:  create a figure in a single axis .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the indices of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns whether the given category is the specified category category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   sphinx
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac hmac pointer .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  document? --> callback .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   version
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   resolves
truth:  null   implementation

test:  progressively return a generator that starts a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  read   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given directory is a given directory that matches symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   return
truth:  files   files

test:  create a list of attributes of instances of the callable .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  return   python
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container from a container via acpi .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  in the default anomaly .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate an unique key for the given key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the quay versions of a namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build a dictionary of inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given one result from mapbox and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add resource languages in resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  get a dict of keys from a users keychain keychain the text to search for the y_t true value .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  return   function
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more jobs from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   check
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete the calendar associated with a calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  run   updates
truth:  halt   a

test:  retrieves the arithmetic epoch for a sequence of epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  convert   numbers
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to run tests if active is active .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a node as view .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  register   check
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of dicts of all the sites translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a random convolution matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  creates   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a string of the given string and salt with the given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert edit .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  open   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function that passes through a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network graph with n nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the pkgutil encoding for the given encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  looks up an possible messages for the message .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the user configuration file .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  elementwise linear unit function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  evaluate   x
truth:  order   order

test:  parses an creation field name .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  as input cannot be rendered as json .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id of a versioned versioned resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates imagenet versions of multiple images in passed in node: .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  find the last opened leading and normalize the string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  null   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the arguments from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a dict containing the users content in the given course paths .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write multiple files in an open-ended web application .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  import   multiple
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value that is the first querying querying .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates and returns a launch anonymous .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the float by a number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get fast class by the dot product for use with known known values .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   real
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and verifies a string for option of type optdict .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is used to fix the attribute of an attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a dict with the keys as returned by the revision .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  convert an extension pattern in a pep offset .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  if   python
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check and return curvature .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if f is a regular expression .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  null   return
truth:  using   filter

test:  extract the r2 from a linear vector .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  creates the specified principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the given command is a valid app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create the given tables in the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a unique and different settings for a structured string .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if text is a pkiz token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  text   null
truth:  if   null

test:  displayed view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  reports   view
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a stream and produce a stream .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and updates multiple options and execute states and suites with specific options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  create   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  writes a video using audio api .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  listen   function
truth:  merges   video

test:  turns given signal into a single signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  determine   signal
truth:  null   initializer

test:  determine if a string is a valid like a valid dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of a binary .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parses a authentication header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  force   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on a rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the loop and back the loop .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to attach a function to each input in the database .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  sets the initial value on a source code .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect page context for html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  null   info
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns the ip address of the date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the function for computing the chi^2 log-likelihood .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  function   function

test:  principal components in the line .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  return   new
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if header is valid .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the python module from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a view function with a view name .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates filtering filtering that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns the state of the vm from the status code .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  given   show
truth:  map   map

test:  return the begin locale path .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate files required for a specific system .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  converts   setup
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generate   alias
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the corresponding dynamic node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   method
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a binary string to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   import
truth:  convert   a

test:  deactivate a realm for a user to perform a particular realm .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  mock   attributes
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  given a python object .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  iterate   multiple
truth:  given   storage

test:  check if object is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time from a datetime object .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see that rgba .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  test   server
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the kwargs parameter for the requested request .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a new binary file and returns its number .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  formats   function
truth:  create   create

test:  register a mapping of the given storage storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test the release number of the git branch for lagpolynomial .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  features   interface
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  yield   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  not very utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a wrapper for memoizing .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  handles   method
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  datetimes   null
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  issues a system domain via the given domain name .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  decorator: use the wrapped class to come with a generic view that is to properly formatted or not to find the lowers user .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions available for the given function in the given function cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers from the minion datastore .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  return the key for the given key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  return   function
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a list containing the security id .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the time in a given time zone .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load a column of the type diagnostics .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  generate an adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of the cloud sizes that are on the provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns the base stride in a 1d stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a queryset of the various sender of a particular context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  get   running
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the web server mode .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   null
truth:  debug   debug

test:  throw an exception if given .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  usage   options
truth:  run   program

test:  ensures that a file is valid and can be used .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  prints a diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module and retrieve the imp data .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that any indices in the same order as a tuple .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  function   check
truth:  indices   indices

test:  check if obj is iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that asserts whether or not a named vm parameter is available .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full site folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the intersection of a graph that exist in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clears accumulated statistics from the current minion .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  pop local image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add new course enrollment to the list of existing course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   a
truth:  append   course

test:  if a table with normal names provided .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  to   find
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy dtype or a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  show a summary of docstrings from a physical vouches cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   a

test:  add pillar units so that it is enabled in the unit .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   a
truth:  to   null

test:  start the pip application from the coprime package .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the path of the url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a string as base64 using the "modern" python function .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  remove   pass
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  naive naive function .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   null

test:  return the handler handler .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  init   init

test:  remove directory and all files from directory unless it cannot be run .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleanup   implementation
truth:  clean   up

test:  resolving decorator that converts a function into a decorator; decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to show a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  do   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find and return a single process object .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child data in the given node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate a series of the specified params .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   ruler
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a byte string to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  calculates an arma robust effects of arma neighbor alternative alternative with scale scale sizes .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  helper method to write interactive interactive interactive interactive deprecation headers .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  to   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the review apps .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  delete all possible indices in a given number of empty .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieves the client id from the scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  get   client
truth:  returns   returns

test:  printable printable .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  run   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier statistic between seq and func .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a contingency matrix for contingency clusters .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  dump the output of a dictionary of bytes .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of the elements in it .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  prepare   iterator
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  if two matrices are detected .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  polynomials   real
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the access token for the given token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the db ip address .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  send   send

test:  get the group database .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves image information from the given image or 'image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract all egg objects from a list of checksum .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make a dictionary of correlation unique to another rule .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  result   result

test:  install acl acl in p2g .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  access   install
truth:  import   import

test:  sends a report to your user account .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  if   null
truth:  send   auto

test:  generate reverse of different versions for open file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  elementwise divmod function .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check the additions additions of the command .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  function   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  compute the carriage of a polynomial in separate cosine .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  polynomial exact pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  prepare   gcd
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update the dashboard stats with the given user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  update   update
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  test exit exit status code when blank requirements .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   path
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric the average mean between a prediction applied and other inputs .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  take   null

test:  when time zone support is enabled .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter name for an adapter name .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wrapper for subsampling .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove whitespace inside docstrings docstrings from docstrings docstrings .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  configured   strips
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to memoize the default memoize for getattr purposes .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  displays a profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the projection between two 1-d arrays .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  computes   like
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the module as a rgb(a) rgb(a) object .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  function   custom
truth:  initializes   null

test:  return the installed entrypoint migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple log file for the state .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a list of reverse to a string that is unique .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   checker
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the database to default the db .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   copies
truth:  running   running

test:  returns the encoding name for an alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for _get_systemd_os_release_var() .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  function   matrix
truth:  compose   null

test:  return details about all api keys in the given api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a list of value strings and returns the values for the given search .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   function
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  earths the inverse of epochs on a file .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   source
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the harmonic mean along the specified policy .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a locale for a specific locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to find nearest transforms .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return indexing of indexing indexing indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   chunk

test:  determines if the true/false is available on this system .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  assign a metaclass in a 2/3 compatible fashion .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that namespace is at least one domain name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the ec2 data that matches the passed minion .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if x is a square-free polynomial .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compares two texts and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response with some of the data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  retrieve the authentication creds from the catalog api .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  url   null
truth:  get   service

test:  takes a formatted date as a formatted date .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  removes an existing resource for a zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  is the accessible instance .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for for subprocess .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  make   a
truth:  send   a

test:  takes a package in a layer3 .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  build   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data source .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   care
truth:  null   null

test:  set the basic .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  header   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised when the class is unknown .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a model into the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  add   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a glob path .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an iterator over the file in the given list of possible array parameters filename : list of strings to load .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path of the module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate by w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the given options and executes markdown .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  activate the system x : base the output: layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of directories of a given file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   normalize
truth:  strip   a

test:  move the given level to a human readable level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  change   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a command to a remote console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return the existing volume .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from s3 file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   get
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance of the given list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes confusion matrix belong to a 2-d matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the old login login .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  takes   in
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the hyperbolic log-likelihood of the minibatch of a multivariate normal distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  filters conv - targets - targets - targets are targets for targets with targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from a cdao cdao .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a gpio configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  install   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for unsetting .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  max the key of a repository of the repository repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   option
truth:  null   key

test:  drops a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a connection to the local ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   connect
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique elements in the given template string .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins and map from given plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   a
truth:  named   load

test:  test that you cant find --outdated emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from an invalid binary .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator to query a method or a query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  given   wrapper
truth:  have   null

test:  check of a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string of positive values when n .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   init
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that a string is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the message dict to error messages .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   a
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given the mailchimp endpoint .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  return   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   version

test:  calculates ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   const_value
truth:  draws   null

test:  remove the rate of a user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  attribute   reset
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all metadata of a given thread and calculates it in the given thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a users incrontab interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   network

test:  convert space array to the nearest grid of non-nested grid grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  solve   elements
truth:  create   a

test:  interface to the empty directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  generates   runs
truth:  create   a

test:  a simple replacement for create_commands_slf .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   migration

test:  handle commands and get a handle to a module name .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  process   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load an existing plugin type from the supplied plugin type .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  read   find
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a fixture with a different global table header .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  it should return the python code for the given code .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   python

test:  this will mark a game in the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  do   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  times the value of a pair of seconds .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check the features to see if features is present .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full folders in a list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is in a point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   variant
truth:  if   null

test:  given a list of anno .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template object for the template .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  null   null
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value pair .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a value .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts none to the default base lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  url   parameters
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that the virtual server is in the use .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake from ros stream .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   history
truth:  read   in

test:  test to make sure that the logout is logged out .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  make   test
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns the primary code at the source code for the given source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   python

test:  get a default fs data .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the xpath argument is xpath .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dicts from a set of dicts .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute a generator of hash and console .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings from the datastore and deletes timings .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  retrieves   entities
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  construct a dictionary of ipy as a string .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  joins a string in a format that can safely be embedded in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  value   value

test:  read a single word of a binary .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given xml string into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the custom model instance that should be used as a model class .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs some theme with a given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  null   issues
truth:  delete   delete

test:  find the list of directories that an startup under the given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that *individual* *individual* behaves info .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable microsites on the system .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get the shortcut of the current instance .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  instantiate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a url and returns the prefix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  import   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  find the set of blocks of a set of blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  cross   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  test bistochastic test for one set of the y .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model that can train the data from a file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   gradient
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for a method to make it if the current function is not a parallel .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  encode stashed in the html of html .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper for parallelization .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the safely associated with the given url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  source   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the mentions string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates an ordinal backoff value for the least jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  read   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds the compatibility between a source and a list of data .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  finds   null

test:  test option option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   line

test:  the interface to copy a file at the given shellcode path .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  set   pairs
truth:  creates   null

test:  return resizes url that resizes the original image url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an iterator over the elements in an iterable .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the maximum number of numbers via a list of numbers .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  map   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files of the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  name   a
truth:  find   find

test:  find the cover page where the container is the container name and the opf page is marked as a headers .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression trees .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  performs an api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all of the package directories .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  try to get the validation number for the given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  -   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute a csv for a course and upload it to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   gradient
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare all of the baseline components of a baseline of baseline .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compares   system
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags object .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  if   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the migration to the given instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   migration

test:  run command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get document class info and fallback info class .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  if   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if the file looks like a python program .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   null

test:  clean out headers from 8-bit response data .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add an expression to the corresponding node in a set of nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  assert   nodes
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a user is created .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  send   send

test:  benchmark on the input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  estimate   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  wait for the attached and just close when an email address is invalid .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given document .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  send an http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  null   response
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   properties
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts an ssh public key on an ssh string .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  text   text

test:  get a continues test object from a graphviz environment .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  default inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true/false whether a user has a permission for the specified named user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the in_filter is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  checks if the specified users smtp sense .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall a task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  mark   compile
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit code to pass given to avoid at exit alternative - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get two lists of the elements in a sequence .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail in a set of images with a given height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test if an exact tensor is provided for the cudandarray cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a graph into a naive dict .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert binary representation to utf-8 bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  string   string

test:  converts singular value to a different type of the input array .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   custom
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the plugin plugin .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if an available module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  modify the badge context for a owner in a specific course .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a checkout .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces at the indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  null   indentation
truth:  use   use

test:  require project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state of the state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   seed
truth:  set   set

test:  gets a file list from an url .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  like   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   page

test:  display an effect of redirects to a legacy .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  set   redirect
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if filename looks like a file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  check that a anchor has been imported using the contribution algorithm and return the hash hex string .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   checks
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if its object is a tuple of things .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind the parameters to the specified string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  construct   appends
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes in a given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flow_stmt : simple_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends an score that satisfies a score to be a single assignment .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   processing
truth:  create   create

test:  get the sheet list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate an iterator that does the elements of the sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 byte string .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of valid preferred aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns whether there are allowed allowed to show the given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   uses
truth:  set   set

test:  default package level sphinx extension .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  called   function
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return a list of the right template the right in the selected template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  check if the specified package is enabled for the system .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the maximum principal x principal principal .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test with one support for the support for use with one versions of the support versions of a known support .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine learning .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  run   riak
truth:  runs   a

test:  mark a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  module   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the data from a url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  decode a sql string using the imap4 key .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  escape   compute
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return package upgrade from znc --version .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  download a file from the contents of the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  transform multiple tuples into one .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  given   transform
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email using a queue .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  email   context
truth:  context   context

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a rpm tag corresponding to the given image tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return dataframe code : name .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  try to determine if the node is a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique word after the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the flags passed in is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an argument .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   polynomial
truth:  get   a

test:  go through a given context .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a hadoop command on a remote host .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  command   command

test:  compose a theano function struct_declarator_list and q .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  null   quaternion
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget containing the settings files .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  dictionary   parameter
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pillar
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired distances between the vectors of a 2-d matrix .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns twb-sf-881 graph for the days:int timeskew .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this should make sure that the setting value is greater than the column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  checks if input is list-like .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string containing the elements of the given sql query .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate the middle of the values of two continuous tensor parameters tensor : writeme the upper triangular array a : writeme returns the upper tensor of the upper tensor is
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  write the pcap summary domain .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  null   print
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator that converts an adapter to a string .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   a

test:  sets up a spam spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  generates a temporary repository from the repository then display it .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  text   updates
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an image and rois within that image into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an iterable of --branch until the predicate is true .
truth: like common . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the given launch asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  define a class that uses the given llvm class .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  table with a table of groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  test   version
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  check that all of the unicode instances are included .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a string from a cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  view function that returns a requirejs-wrapped javascript file .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  returns   redirect
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the current log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  connect a single true/false to a interface .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  add a new note to firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date for given number of roc_auc_score date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and add paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string if it is a byte string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic quadratic ternary quadratic polynomial eq + program[id] + fxy + cz^2 .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db type for the given resource type and type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or a url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  get   child
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict of providers strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant and return the tenant object .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml connection to the datastore .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log object emitting the message about the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parses a network network_id string into its full colon .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a string from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  validate a single resource type and retry .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  get   resource

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize a path to its canonical .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get a list of hosts and try to check all hosts and group tests as a single test .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  instantiate   url
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get loop from the last location from the point .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  detects   mpl
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shuts down the system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shuts   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   delete
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the given esi is a valid esi .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view returning the contents of the response .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the user for each user .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths from the registry .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the publisher driver module .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if the graph g is a distance regular a distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a page of a page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by users .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls permalink .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verifies that the gpg for the gpg file is valid and is in the gpg file .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  returns   downloads
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename a new message .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  handler for the coursedescriptor header .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  runs commands on retries .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve fixed ip address on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes whitespace from pnode to rst .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  transform   remove
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that the basics gl using the gl functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of unique cleaned_data for the given set of classified indices .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function to retrieve the pillar data from all custom git environments .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a test that resets its default acl after the test .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a time in seconds to seconds since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  yields all python source files and return the urlencoded .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get disk counters from disk .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure a middleware file is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the target by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  process   process

test:  get a dictionary with keys from available and any of the notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  load an object given its absolute object name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   get
truth:  object   object

test:  use this decorator to check the wrapped wrapper to convert to the wrapped function .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists datastores in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  default get_id .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  r^2 -> list concats the elements of a placeholders in a string .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 440-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of template and fires the template from the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  url existing use of a single test .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  test   doctest
truth:  =   =

test:  return raw sum for a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start the default server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url e .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  set up a grade grade params from a full probabilities .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a virtual networks .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   listeners
truth:  create   listeners

test:  python module name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  if   filename
truth:  create   create

test:  test for solving on keypoints .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  testing   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision is a valid precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be run outside a single method .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a popen from local machine by mode .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to find the __init__ file in the directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either be listed in the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  pending   image
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure the egl for the current element is currently created .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  use dataset .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute a "stop" action on a dict of python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  merges installing from the database .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  configures   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a fixed ips from the values dictionary .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  apply an entry point to an existing model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register keystoneclient connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn whether there are no nonexistent to be called .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  return a share service that matches rx service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes the grep line .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove doc or ?unc root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on a given port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a copy of the dictionary from an xml dict .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split the filename into a path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   package
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string argument to a ternary value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   return
truth:  value   value

test:  provide bound fields for a resource .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find a simplest expression for a given expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the platform for the application .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  regression test for url this can be done as a passed array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  assumes a dictionary representing a private key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  append append entries to the end of a given payload .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   in
truth:  complete   null

test:  perform a pickle check on an instance of fileorname .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  be   a
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create an private server certificate from a local certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that creating a configuration file not the expected one .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  as a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  get   links
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the bound bound for the given problem .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   operators
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send out an event on a pool .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  construct   start
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes view .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   generate
truth:  ask   null

test:  generate urls that need to be varchar into the mobile database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses the port description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert value .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a glob path .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  seems to be a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is algebraic .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user url for a specific string .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a string to a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  remove   i
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse an ftp or a database connection transform an ftp or method of ftp argument that looks as a method name or a single user object .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  if   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a sql used as a type of condition .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a ctypes tree format .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  object   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub class corresponding to the passed thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  a template tag that passes through ascii characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  text   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  compute empty spline parameters given :returns: array of times read in parallel .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrap the contents of a given secret file and returns it .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if this secret can be updated by an s3 key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  check that "hubble" works on a logged-out model .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  test   a

test:  make an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  adds   normalize
truth:  make   null

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  python manage .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  generate a random element in func score; .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the uri from the path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return partition information from lvm lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  return   a

test:  read node information from a fif file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   a
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check for a config .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  module   variables
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a decorator that makes sure we know about to a function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  link   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  builds a dictionary with ht .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  disables an instance of plugin tracking instances via get/get_all .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset of users as a queryset object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  code that runs at the bottom of each request .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a pipelineloader operator operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a raw base64 string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   python
truth:  base64   base64

test:  set up the analyze file prime for each app .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return an html string with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a pkg name and a adverb .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad string value from an iterable object .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get an uniquely object for a database .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  function   execution
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true iff domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run the module in because the given python module will run in the given python namespace namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes the object input and returns a base64 encoding .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  get   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the default list of modules cli example: .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  accepts   get
truth:  return   return

test:  nice a string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   representation

test:  converts the given string to utf-8 tags .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates an email that is a random email of emails .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  open the vm to the vm .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  null   list
truth:  get   memory

test:  turns top_cfg top_cfg to a portion of direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that can be used in a sample function .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the warning from the current instance .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system keys .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse an http www-authenticate header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  name   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from the wsgi environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the file exists on the current platform .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a parses parses a single wsgi matrix .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared logarithmic error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_squared_log_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  squared   poisson
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for rectangular values .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   activity
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of feed entries that are considered within the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a list of sequences for each value in a list .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an object containing the items of a given items .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  convert   array
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the directory where ipython .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling price if not already cart .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the given html was made correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  abbreviate   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test that an existing user has a previously created user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   config

test:  add an ebs volume type to the volume type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for a set of polynomials .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a keys for a given string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   uid

test:  gets y data for this feature .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the concord232 alarm platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted role as an http role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host group according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of jobs that have been modified .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install specific necessary specific necessary for the specific version of invoked .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth http basic auth .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  request   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  based on students in the path .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a copy of a remote host from a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  given   attempt
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed managed transactions .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  writes a single key to a file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags associated with the specified metadata .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  sharpens the command and return a packet of that preferred encoding .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  function   system
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the part of numpy argument is the same .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test the exception class for the is_escape: stack frame .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  tests   calling
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test run-length loc .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  uwsgi multiplication .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  do   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  encode a string for a valid python qualified name .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step tabular step correctly extract a single tabular step tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the given feature is about the directory for the given package .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip set zulip for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  transform demarta with tawn - theta minus tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   color
truth:  mixed   null

test:  returns the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a list of characters overlap in the current table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test that remove_from_figure image can be instantiated .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add a user to database .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of python files configuration configuration files for the quota configuration file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  run   fetch
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string on a group name .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a maskdef time .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  print   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps djangos path in the current context .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  clears the middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a wrapper around param .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  mimic the shell of the current machine cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  create   product
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a json string like user .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update or update quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or spherical spherical .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  deferredgenerator callback that simply returns a string with a given pattern .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view a email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge the solution in a b-spline .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  is   null

test:  make up the input file and add it to the target .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  load   method
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details in either one or more allowed_request_methods: one is found in the hierarchy until one are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets file name .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  write   test

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread ids .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch the drain .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   power
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the path to the appropriate migrate command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the value of the private key exists .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  name   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for each cluster in the given cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a file is up to be written base .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  file   up
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator iterates over a file in the range .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return the plural of the value .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  left   null

test:  a context manager for temporarily functions .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  content   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  queries   print
truth:  null   method

test:  run a python module in the given with: namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the database should be retained .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call the given repository and return its {long_name:values} .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  launch   call
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ldflags signal to keep consistently .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from a single image .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a cred_id from the tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a default value for the given size and size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  simulate the list of reservations that are available on the minion .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   a
truth:  report   report

test:  javascript function for javascript functions that will be used in the block in javascript comment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  null   replication
truth:  set   up

test:  return a tuple from a range of byte values .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   symbol
truth:  return   range

test:  test exponential matrix matrix with non input value .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a packed string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  pack   checks
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the value turned into a timestamp .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the linux services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to change cwd for a given path .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  read a point into a freebsd .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   method
truth:  return   return

test:  get the torrent info dictionary from a possible hash and a list of torrent instances .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   torrent

test:  converts a file dict to a required format .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  performs the dumpconf configuration file lookup .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  rehash   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated representation of latex form generated in expr .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   entities
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves the mac address configured on the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones added for a specific zone cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  return   function
truth:  list   everything

test:  create an image from a :meth:~kivy .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   version

test:  return the grains from the device if the corresponding one exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  null   options

test:  get the format of the given date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   check
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  same as the function in a thread as the given reactor and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  call   call
truth:  function   function

test:  given a bunch of things .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  represent ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   cycle
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the string distance in a numerical distance between the two statements .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a collection of epoch to a collection of three every object .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return the datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage policy from config file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   api
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate the device to ensure it exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  make   prints
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe content from an instance of the given engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  return   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a timeout to unless its codon state .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   commit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts a list of numbers to a list of numbers .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require an instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the contents of the named file based on the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  converts singular uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   url
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal robust given inputs and output padding .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  log   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test invocation a version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  obtaining the dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  create   a
truth:  restricts   null

test:  sending an email to a free user .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  sets the widget to use .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  to   in
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table function and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns the task user object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pygtk version of parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  function   null
truth:  error   error

test:  k[x] k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  then i have support for datetime objects .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   i

test:  returns the oauth parameters for a given uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  look   up

test:  check and execute the given similarity .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  if   up
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns the next line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a binary string to a long integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  convenience function to build a single user for a tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get a hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   set

test:  a simple node that can be used to extract a node from the entire node .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the images from file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  files   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete an existing volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the field value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   dependencies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a tool to the base window .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  produce   create
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   exit
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  if   open
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a double birthdays protocol to the modules .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a pid exists in the minion exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic string used for rendering passwords cli example: .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the list of owner ids of the given collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list with the entire index .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  build   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the input value to a single integer .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  convert   product
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given filename and return the lock instance .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  name the name of a package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #32 describes a problem when a table has a extends view .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  removes   filter
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review groups of the provided review groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts ipv6 data to a string .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  return   equivalent
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  @rtype: -> factorization factorization with absolute path .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  update the various data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  signal   updates
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of the url to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a recaptcha discrete order of the given order .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  null   null
truth:  order   order

test:  context manager for timing proxy checking for the meaning of the object .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset http connections to the specified connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  determines if the system has updateable permissions .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  log error message to ensure the error error is raised .
truth: log os . 
test:  report   handler
truth:  log   os

test:  copy a function or a method that will copy it to the given function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around c_sync .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   slashes
truth:  function   function

test:  non-differentiable score for parabolic .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  reset   array
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns true if the host exists and has the host exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python timestamp to a python number .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  converts <retry-parameters> scalar to the flags of type scalar .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the opacity opacity on the input array .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   call
truth:  change   change

test:  default retrlines callback .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  read and return a list of cmd from a regularization file .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the probe probe probe to the api processor .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a string in bytes to bytes in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   attributes
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates app for given worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   vector3
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test for comparison .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  definitions of "contact_dicts" .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests units as a heappush .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  ajax view for getting a draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  create   a

test:  creates an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  check   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  scheduled view for the database queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a content-range header into a python object .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  add single argument to a power of a given template kind .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  run   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the backends value for the given backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create an array with sets of indices .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  determines if a given directory should be installed .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return binary string from filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  read   python
truth:  function   function

test:  finds an object from the desired ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   null

test:  return true/false boolean indicating if the request has a valid isoinfo .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  internal test to flake .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   one
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name of the volume to an already server .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   information
truth:  attach   a

test:  render a cross domain such that the box is on .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets nodes fakedrivers node by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the final status of a list of numbers .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  try to find possible targets in path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  test decorator for a test module level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a class wrapping an attribute for the given engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  provides   null

test:  get the trash for this interface .
truth: given a server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get ex: ex: .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field of db .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts a json string as json and returns a json string as one with the js data .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make the specified debugger boolean .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the current account policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a key .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  installs the virtual release git with the virtual machine .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   files
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  returns a handle to the database counts .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the specified user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load a regular expression settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new thumbnail remote machine with the given gs .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  run a function on every time .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   run
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  parses external tags and returns a list of tags that can be entry .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  given   a

test:  takes a degrees of degrees and returns the corresponding left version .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   details
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an open stream instance based on the jpeg standard .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   product
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a csr .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the language is in the given url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of ports of the protocol .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  port   type
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  lists all manifest under the given package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  verifies   up
truth:  archive   sources

test:  converts a name in ansi ansi string to a color .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete a l{alias_types} to the root of a root page .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  handle   text
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old db .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a byte string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare a key function as a string iterator .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether or not the given patterns is similar to any patterns in the list of patterns with the supplied patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  move   move

test:  read the config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if the objects passed as valid .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the cohort object for the specified name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  check and return the allowed and last uid for the current uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json topic to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth string contained in the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance distance distance distance between the vectors .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compares the value using the specified message and return a message .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  mask   import
truth:  substitute   null

test:  iterates over tracebacks .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  query   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that given object is attrs .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   check
truth:  decorated   null

test:  updates the epoch of epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get the currently set network on windows :return: string: :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node to the lookup class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   a
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a data source .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a long int to a bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  use   use

test:  delete the standard visual distribution .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   start
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a prompt for the current timestamp with the provided key .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  unpacked two server_name operations .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a filtered exceptions that matches the given exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  given   a

test:  read new ip file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  export geojson[p] according to url todo: their choose_port() .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  export   null
truth:  create   create

test:  write the string to an elementree .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   a

test:  take a format_control active matrix and returns for a theano matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   singular
truth:  solve   real

test:  which the person general enough to look for a person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with an ok message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the estimated number of numbers in a and b .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   alias
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows records from stash .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a review board request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  is   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  get absolute site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  document   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed to clone a repository .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all the configured rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  parameters seq : sequence of strings or sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to change the default groups for all sqlalchemy groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the instantiates event loop to sleep .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  null   sleep
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  creates python command on the local machine .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  join the input urls into a list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  join   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  check if a string is a valid ipv4 field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual device .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a multi-dimensional wrapping gamestate for a single feature .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   directories
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic tan examples of a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all the nodes in a task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   indices
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall one or more messages from a app .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  compute the coefficient of the standard error along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  calculates   existence
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns an absolute path to the slug code given a path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serialize python data in the pretty way .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the detailed detailed is considered .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  return   test
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns a list of the correct positive f1 .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line dot line with an array which is not a line dot line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the elements of a record in the db .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the last metric from a file .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that :ref:windows .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  null   connection
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve raw features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pending   translate
truth:  to   method

test:  create an ssh url for an ssh to_dict and start an ssh management cfg for an ssh management angles .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all filenames in a directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  based   compare
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages on a system cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   function
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered types required by the __builtin__ .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary directory that doesnt exist .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   dependencies
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a native tuple difference between the entire tuple of values .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  returns   instance
truth:  return   return

test:  tests the effect of a particular path .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  given the array like unquote() .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  return a list of packages that are mirror .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the most appropriate anonymous request for the given server .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  if   a
truth:  does   a

test:  return a travelled answer representation for a problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  read in an s3 configuration file and return its config .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  an expression prefix .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  context   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  get the tab tab tab from the json text .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  normalize   json
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  check if text matches the doctype with a given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  function   doctype
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that pack name is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  adds a type with an attached into a type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   a

test:  write content to file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table into multiple records .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  add   equivalent
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a list of table sql sql statements from the database .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function calls .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the mailchimp connection from the mailchimp object .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  function   method
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  produce the default size of the pairs as a default string .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree from the pants tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  install an old locally locally .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns an elementtree schema for a given schema .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  return   a

test:  format a list of message sizes for use in a single response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state of the state to the state file .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that a a column can be stored in against distance or a 3 distance .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  process the domain to the cola .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  handle   display
truth:  if   a

test:  coerce value to a field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  value   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the hash of the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function takes a set of pk as defined in a models for either a try/except or a corresponding type .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  map   generator
truth:  converts   back

test:  factory for making a test runner .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that will only time the given python function .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  returns limit by any given limit .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that the expected log is included in the expected string .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  find the system folder by the system deltas .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields a text of a given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  a decorator to skip a collection from a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  enumerates the shared shared database .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dump   master
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  this decorator is used to ensure that the user is not supported .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argument to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a scalar private key and assign it to the private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  tries to convert a distance matrix to its mlab format .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in network .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  parsed   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator to make sure that the values of the vms in the file size is blocked .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dot .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator that copper received .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  registers   a

test:  proposed proposed log of an exact function by exact it successfully .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   max
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   method
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns the file object to disk .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  to   size
truth:  lock   a

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes into an integer or a list of bytes .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make ellipse mean and save it with a ellipse plot .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   generate
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert attribute to positive bytes .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a string containing a sentences paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   ldap
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  helper function to replace files in a html table .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  checks if we only want to select the server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   method
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  takes a list of lists into a single string .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  like   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an money value and a pil image .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  called   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  applicable flask file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  search   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure that given patterns are supported correctly with greater than the specified python module .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  tests the right payload .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates time index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   install
truth:  updates   course

test:  makes sure that a resolver for file as a postscript string .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  stopped   singular
truth:  compute   compute

test:  render the module .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  points   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns a task object containing a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the current thread .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that the cell where the sigmoid is an input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation loop to this loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   logging
truth:  simplified   add

test:  [file_name for the line number of line a node that has an actual list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  this function is used to get an integer from a string .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a string is a port for specified integer .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a generator of the graph for all nodes in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the alternating group of order n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  returns   sequence
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of random upper chars .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  join   multiple
truth:  change   change

test:  test gpu version of cuda .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   test

test:  see if the input array is unique .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  evaluates   return
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns all metrics from the main:section .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  renderscene - opengl opengl .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  -   -

test:  print raw args to a single server .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   os
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a private ip for the linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model creation .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the current thread where the two modules are active .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  basic or advanced indexing with a back-transcribes .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clear all cache of given user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments are valid .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  generate futures on the train and test subsets defined by instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant save the in-db directory for a file system .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lookup the list of apis by specified name .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  copy source or more pathname components to source .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  source   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a genepop record as a file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least control character at the command line .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a endpoint from the full name of the endpoint to delete .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes a complex cross-entropy .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the passed options is valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   generate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that no give implementation is large correctly handles no warnings .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed roots of the sum along an axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  array   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a server console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check the clusterer labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   one
truth:  check   check

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view function to reset complete password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a background array to a single rgb matrix parameters arr : scipy .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   rgba

test:  get a python class instance from a specific type .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  null   python

test:  create a table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets a package or layer3 of current interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   version
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate template as a context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over a character matches the given sequence .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes a json object to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  like   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the random expression in expr .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of events that have been created .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new consumers endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the partition that was supplied .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute nth log moments for each course .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  computes   field
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the django settings in the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  filename   directories
truth:  try   try

test:  setup eeg info for graph .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  dataframe   information
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   pointer

test:  this function will remove the timeline contents of a given pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  register   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns whether *obj* is fp array-like .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of data from a particular dataset .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines the list of games into one big player sequence of games and numbers .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  lists all packages on the minion cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  return   one
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  map an original url to a url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  lists all metric in the account .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  set obey variables via the api .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes key constraints from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  given   method
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to support .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  support   support

test:  an iterator over all possible widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  close   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  test the write transformation local tool .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the list of tags that have a given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compares the message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes directories from the binary .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a specific service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve the member class by its name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  search   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the value is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a python string containing a python module parameters from a path string listing the python source string documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  return the current targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to bootdev .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume label based on volumes volumes volumes .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  reading   reading

test:  executes a shell command .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  find the visible devices in the subprocess as gpu .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  map   get
truth:  calculates   null

test:  parses a json file from the given schema body and returns a boolean .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the rotation status in the range .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  verify a unicode string containing a unicode value .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  given a master tuple .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if object is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  filters element in a given iterable with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function using fcgi .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  returns the hook for the given name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the pantsrefs link .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a list of behavior to a specific file .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   fallback
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   code
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for handling .
truth: update request . 
test:  to   object
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a storage instance with the given configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  create   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub stub map from the api proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  wraps a check policy to check if the action is not policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  wrap   argument
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to prepare the post data .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get fit path .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate groupby fields as a projection field .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  encode   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a consumer for a specified request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the random number of each url .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  this function is to visit the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  send   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure a c string is a valid python bytestring .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  feed   prints
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  python 3 numpy .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify the validity of the user and unions run .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  merge a value in a backward-compatible variable .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener noise covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a deferred object .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  rewrite an expression to rewrite a source from source to target .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  direct   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to an existing workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  verify that the supplied host exists and can be run .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  represent the windows relocation in the given mark .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  like   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  return a string representation of obj which should be used as a string .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a file in a google cloud storage .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  pick out the current user and password .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  function   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get the face which is in the face .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute pyenv command .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  rescale the input .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  clear   normalize
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more arrays into a single variables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log in the message log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  null   function
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iteratively parse a modbus of a list of snippets .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parse   data

test:  ensure that the name for a unschedule object is passed .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  dataframe   observer
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make sure that any settings off the given settings .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  null   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  create a message report for a protocol in a given scope .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the static file settings to identify the static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is sequence .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only succeed if python is a python function .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to get the daemon .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  load   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  converts a path name from its operating system-specific format to a path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  given a starting tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates a time in the decorator .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new dispatcher for a topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  set up a database defined by the given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a the input matrix to a one-hot vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   transform
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  gets a token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  function   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the manifest for the specified font .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   up
truth:  find   find

test:  accepts a string of permissions for a list of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  calculates   function
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device path .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get an array of matrices .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verifies that the value is several math within a math simple references .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  to   issue
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given message to become active .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  this method is only one or more ip .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   one

test:  reauthenticates a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of the second bessel function of its derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check if a qwebpage of a unsupported polynomial ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  precompute the pantsrefs link to a process .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get a child branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  returns a list of longest ids of longest .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  given   content
truth:  chooses   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  search   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a vif .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu but decodes the network .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   program
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a placed operation on the system .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns translation unitdata for a given past .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  loads   unit

test:  returns the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   xdg

test:  prints the current sound to the currently active version of a channels .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dict with keys that have the same meaning as the given dictionary .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test the histogram of the y data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that tmp file with an existing serie .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  null   default
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  forget the specified request .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  using a valid invalid type .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  using   python
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control service instance from a service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the executable info path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  given   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  use   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a detailed in an image .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  take the application and send it to an process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create the global hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops for the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   number
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   application

test:  wrapper around that handles the salts thread actions .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  constructs   point
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts a list to an integer according to the locale settings .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer after the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  ensure that the user has unclear permissions .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  text   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a string containing a hostmask hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is called by evennia when the plugin is called .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   class
truth:  hook   hook

test:  if the component of a problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  sums   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a string like externalpackages .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterates over the paths in the given python source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  generates   try
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of a database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  set   utility
truth:  starting   starting

test:  attempt to get the theme color .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the state for a named container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the yaml path of the python yaml path .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that represent a single vector .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an argument task that it second second argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  if   links
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  computes the entropy of a non-negative polynomial .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an build file path for the authentication and post data .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger wrapped by sphinxloggeradapter .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   logger
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the map of images with the given name .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns url for given year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  makes   field
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to does not allow for a player player .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  if   delete
truth:  prepares   a

test:  credit: yann loglikelihood .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a insert implementation which is created between a certain child of the given node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip decorator to skip a test if a passed in is not found .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  received the object of the given object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  cross   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs the template nlmeans .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device template for interacting with corresponding functions and compile the device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieves the role by its name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   method
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an ascii-only string to a fixed text .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  convert   truncating
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the inheritance option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  describe a volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client by checking if http error is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  override the default integer pointer to the ctypes .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  sync   hook
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  clean up the assets database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  built   remove

test:  remove all files in the directory that are true; in directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a dictionary with keys that should be attached to a single page .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  load   runs
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a directory for testing purposes .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  taken from python docs .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  return   a
truth:  -   -

test:  sets the default debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named image is present in the system name of the container to check for the specified image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  gather   null
truth:  if   a

test:  convert string to a long string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all the log urls in the client .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign *node* to the given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   node
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a csv type and returns a python data structure .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  null   a

test:  create a rule in a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  list   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert items in target .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  removes   multiple
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if the user is the secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a set of transforms .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  create   version
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  enable or disable the request header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  returns   requests
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of page matching the given doctype .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert basestring to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  s   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  makes all roles described in the document tree .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  to   source
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the complex table .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  scans   window
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  loads an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  map   crop
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file from file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  create   attempts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return info on a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  am   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two lists of equal items .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  does   items
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns from a join_type table .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  replaces a group of members via daemontools cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  print   a
truth:  replaces   members

test:  given a list of finite .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  generate a random string for the given ascii text .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  reduce   logo
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  string   python
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a set of python deployment versions .
truth: available major . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a class object .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  delete this def only if the id for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return an expression of the elements of a sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the passed html characters .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  this creates a fresh instance of the given address .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the thread count for the current thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks the time in number of units that are in an integer in number of units as a number of human readable form .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  work   load
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a package on a specific file .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  start   null
truth:  install   python

test:  imports a certificate file and returns a dict of audio .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   certificate
truth:  load   a

test:  send some tool shed shed is still supports tool .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts an expression into a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a flat array .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  default page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set alarm to signal .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a function as a default for cross bytes .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given an object .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return the class wrapper around pandas .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  module   null
truth:  using   null

test:  do dask .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  combine   get
truth:  render   render

test:  formats the date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the url is under mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  get   normalize
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dictionary of keys and a dictionary of attributes .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  make   room

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  restart   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing information about a csv file .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test no global connection for multiple server .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the phrase that matches the head token .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the fraction of the main function .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  returns the pprint for the given journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  assume   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return completion function code which can be used in a completion value .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  download a csv file to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   url
truth:  download   download

test:  return windows time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the log filtering policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  function   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a get by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for handling dummy function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  does   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pop the current context from the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  if   function
truth:  check   check

test:  get the number of bytes in a rel="download" file .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager to check if there are any block while a blockdetection .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  creates   context
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy each file in the specified file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  helper for rehash .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  if   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  expands type name into numpy scalar objects .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  multiply   type
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ a nested object .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  attempt to get all the config directory .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  extracts the environment used to determine the process used by the current process .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns proxy info page info .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the group module if the kernel is available .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates the complexity of a restful given number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent snapshot of take snapshots .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  validate the signal instance for cr .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view for views .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  return   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance conductance between a set of nodes and all node pairs .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assign a base64-encoded string to a binary string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generates spectral wavelet for one element .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes all tables from the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  load   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  argument_expression_list : argument_expression_list argument_expression_list argument_expression_list argument_expression_list assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   and_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a qcolor into a list of cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   lowercase
truth:  to   convert

test:  create a weight initializer for a given shape .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns each row as a list of for each level of each row .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a sequence of numbers .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by integrating numerically the model over the model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single resource provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a set of active contributors for the given virtual different id .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a class that is a docstring of the given class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   class

test:  removes all options from the database json .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if a user is errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  given a set of boolean values .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the rows of x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number formatted as a string .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   -
truth:  turn   number

test:  redirection domain names are view in one of the user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  displays   path
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the information summary information .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  call this function via the dell api .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache for the cache cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  replace extra values in data with their expression replaced by their expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  does   a
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  an script that returns a graph object that represents a new graph .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a jupyter notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf request to determine the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  text   searches
truth:  context   processor

test:  attempt to read the console console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a permission user for the given user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a list of the other props for the given file .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on the filesystem .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  print error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  msg   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the name is a function name .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  get default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  sorts   data
truth:  default   default

test:  calculate the cross loss between two tensors .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  define   a

test:  ajax server .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  log   events

test:  open the logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  function   rsa
truth:  log   log

test:  given a class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split each item in array by given array .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  take   split
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for working .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  compute   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  test   null
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  same as mpd .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group of the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets the completions of a service query .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  removes   endpoint
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  set add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   new
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the feed of the feed functions used by the feed functions in tasks from the feed list .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if influxdb lib is available .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   return
truth:  requires   requires

test:  perform all / nodes on a node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the server id of the server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of tuples into a flat function .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  return   example
truth:  null   example

test:  converts string into a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  removes   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the clip plugins directory path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  given the shared contents of the file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a source file into a dict .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a randomly generated random gate space .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a table in a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  craetes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  constructs a class from an image id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  try to get the version string from the release .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  output   return
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all packages which are installed .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   check
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap the exception for a response so that its guaranteed are automatically generated from a snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  function   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  the raw table that register a given table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  calculate the maximum of an array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   elements

test:  returns a list of matching directories .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the current confirm class corresponding to the passed in the supplied vm .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes a given single roles from a group .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from a given settings .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   up

test:  gather image from a specified image uuid : string uuid of image verbose uuid : boolean toggle image verbose uuid of image verbose uuid : boolean optional uuid boolean optional
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the test value for given variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  get   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generic an email to send a script to an event .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  null   factory

test:  test a u for cases with an openstack-specific product of " .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  sets   convert
truth:  collect   null

test:  call this whenever you call to call a callback function .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose status is filled with the given script .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  time   parse
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call the given changes and changes the failure .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  generate a sokal-sneath rotation matrix .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  redirects to the support url view .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which can be used to flopen a with statement .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  sets   manager
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generate a random challenge for given challenge .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode mode to index .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert the dictionary of the items in a flat tree to a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a channel by tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  find   channel

test:  create a new query object .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  write a profile to the warning .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on all node in the alarm server .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse the buffer options and return a buffer buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile the timestamp file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  null   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  export a single file from remote repository into the given revision .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  output the vm vm : string vm to be stopped options : boolean options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch a raw image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   null

test:  check if value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  usage: {{ type checks if the dbref has a dbref version of a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  start and return a proxy for the given long .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  output   doctest
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the backend for the given backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   call
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the alpha of two elements .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a given header dict to native body .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the methods method method method method method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns exif string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  returns   encoding
truth:  null   way

test:  convert images images to other representation .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   validates
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the number of characters in a single string .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the node is protected by an http endpoint .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   view
truth:  to   checks

test:  prints the data in a byte string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates a description from a configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the normalized cut size between a single node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an integer to a signed integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   compute
truth:  delete   a

test:  generate dictionary consisting for replying replying .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  check if the depth contains at least one of the depth at least one of the true if the generated depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  return a raw serial file per file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  read a 7777 integer from a python object .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   product
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses the given string as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a dict of whitelisted values .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate and generate a file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external external downloader path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if looks like a valid vlim .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate a volumes image for each gaussian image type .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  dummy function for empty http view .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a strategy fsm fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the url for the given service url .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  checks if p is none .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  used   none
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  serves the url if it is a course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  to   try

test:  a theano validator .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  load   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if the selected upgrade is expired and is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a complex polygon from a list of l{libvlc_media_list_lock} .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   override
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a contribute class that incorporates the given attributes .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a warning and print access and print access to an executable file is of a warning directory .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a single module from iis .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: heavy-job this plugin creates a build file that will be used to provide the scm variables in the config file paths to the config .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of a given date formatted as a timezone string .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  take a new session ticket and update its status .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  imports   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  prepare panel from data and marks it .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  detects   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ensure a path is given a path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  clears all processed .
truth: cache management . 
test:  show   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the path to the programs direction .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge merge strings into one of the structs .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  instantiate   function
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a dictionary of used for the specified file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a binary represented by a low .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  require   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that the *char* shape need to be passed as a victim .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  wrapper around page_faults .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  format   test
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for a single operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of files read from a set of metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  function   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get an instance of the file or directory .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  ask the plotly figure .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  shows   shows

test:  generate a new regression problem for tests that do not be able to be able to be able to generate a fake py .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  seconds   python
truth:  create   a

test:  along an policy .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   child
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  reading   android
truth:  io   io

test:  tests that the creation for their parent directory is not created with the provided name .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback to set the loglevel to be used .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load a dictionary of yaml strings and return a string of .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a property given as an integer .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   a

test:  return events for trigs values .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning role to @hosts role .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind and its derivative .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   one
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a crc16 lookup file .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   bit
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns a sorted list of the current locale strings .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a integer or a string .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given a user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve all available package ppid .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  run   list
truth:  return   a

test:  regression test for an issue raised here: url#discussion_r22221123 the header for a substring that doesnt make sure that the header header can not be converted to an error .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  test   a
truth:  header   header

test:  context manager for vertical vertical hash of type data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   strings

test:  add a absolute size to a file size as a pathname size .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  does   null
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the selected authentication extension .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  config   a
truth:  let   null

test:  generate a random integer value .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a list of non-zero expressions of expr in expr .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   expr
truth:  finds   null

test:  return dictionary of relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  read   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove generated from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  module   remove
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  make   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery celery celery app .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server for use in a subprocess server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  if   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  test if a given path is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the directory where the given environment is a base tree .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  ensure that path is a directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  list   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a pathdirwildcard path .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  returns a sql error source from a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this sets the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  modify differences between values in a and b .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  null   null

test:  split list with tags and tag tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared parameters go : int .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copies the source to the destination destdir for each destdir .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  attempts to check if the machine exists and not the leftmost one is protected protected protected : 1 if there are more than one for the :class:dict paths .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  if   fetch
truth:  checks   in

test:  change the binary password to parasitic .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  password   password

test:  creates an xml element as a meg tag .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from a given list of testsuite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set objects of all objects of the objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   print
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph into a flat list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a reasonable sequence of the values in the sequence of rows .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  show   null
truth:  print   print

test:  plugin registration .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this test ensures that a file can be used to find the module domains .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  url   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named host is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns date/time formatted as a datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  call   call

test:  deprecated: this should be overriden .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  gives   get
truth:  finished   connection

test:  returns the language code .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  null   case
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the bridge on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  search   list
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server:port combination is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  evaluate the score of a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  test   unicode
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a command and applies it to the nearest one .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  command   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length in empty .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adjust the given encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of permutations of n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return the site name .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator that converts a path to a function name .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal < 0 .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output option information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  set   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  json representation of entry_points .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  list   call
truth:  assert   a

test:  test code for mdata this test code snippet is an instance of a optimizer .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  save an in-memory workbook as an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of the degree in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  exception   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  use this function to get the identity sum of a queue .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  warn whether there are any of the sections in the configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string of collectionsummarymodel instances .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place specified order amount in a specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  order   null
truth:  place   place

test:  takes an list of shape and returns the shape containing that slices is a list .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl functionality for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   es2
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the model model class of the provided settings .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency graph .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  creates a database database cli example: .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all headers that are present in the given header dict .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the verbosity names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add two home assistant .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  null   =
truth:  get   get

test:  main view of version_info var var var inside a given directory .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  apply   pylint
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer value from a particular equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete specific server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix the ckan file .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively readmodule a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact as default permissions for gantt .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   no
truth:  default   default

test:  creates an empty array filled with the given shape .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  build   zip
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of virtual machine names on a specific vm .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify the kubemaster can be loaded and no detrending .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  calculates a naive fastq fastq file .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  make   create
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the contributions contributions by the given url .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  compute the inverse of a binary image .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  null   permutation

test:  prompts the specified job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test unless data is less than data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test the effect of a test view .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  test   sql
truth:  has   django

test:  move an object to a given interval .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the next file data from a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  converts the python image in sparse format to a numpy array of python 3 .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the standard deviation of the values in an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the object is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of elements of an array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  compute   indices
truth:  return   a

test:  split a tuple of tuples into drive/unc tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single vector using l{sendmsg <bokeh .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  fit   distribution
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  remove python interpreter from a virtual machine .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack to a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   x
truth:  pack   variables

test:  it should run only the latest version of a test .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns data module for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   a
truth:  module   module

test:  computes node connectivity between all pairs of nodes and local .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  prepare   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & so it can be used as attributes/arguments .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   function
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  function   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the currently logged-in css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  iterates over the message in an iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  have   chunks
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if there are present in the same file .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes an interface to the elementwise error message and return the outputs .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   errors
truth:  log   log

test:  check if the link has a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  generate a column of the column number in a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  edit   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a password matches hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  converts any absolute content to a config layer .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  module   note
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the given token token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   messages
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively collects all the files that will be assigned to the application .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should accept accept a crypto paths with an old name .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   test
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  utility function converts a creation sequence of a given creation sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the axes sequence in a single plot .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  turn a satoshi contents into one of the log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts from user this will create a new user .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  determine the url to a django path .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return an absolute url for the given site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  function   weights
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado request to async server .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  called   null
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given an iterable of ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  edit all modules view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  public routine to serve protected files .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  calls   check
truth:  protected   null

test:  get all sort parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  call the function and yield the same .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  show the running running running running running running profile cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  delete specific options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  remove   option
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two keys in dsk2 .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module instance to separate modules .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a expression or expression of a group .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  apply   parameters
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  remove the specified system override .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a user from a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics html .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the binary binary .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print the device extents extents row and row row .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  block   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert integer in seconds since utc .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  null   application
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the diffopcodegenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  run   one
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  solve cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute content of a polynomial in a test datastore .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method for defining parent actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that a certificate has a value after the certificate is provided .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add relative paths in the given repo to the project .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a structured entity_pb .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a random sampling - p .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  function   gl
truth:  draws   null

test:  find the l{filelogobserver} field for a given d-bus .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  module   null
truth:  get   get

test:  adapted from busy .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  flag those that would otherwise be logged in url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   credentials

test:  connection to the event bus and get all options from the event ext_source .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the subnet is a subnet or not .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the data can be converted to a response .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   test

test:  returns the volume tag for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  return   messages
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return current site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  function   null
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to an argumentparser .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  let a set a set of token: described in a compact equations .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   units
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  n319 - use an mutable instead of positional arguments .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   log
truth:  check   check

test:  inserts an html element into a name/value element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally sets the current environment vars for the current environment .
truth: return env . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the given file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  shortcut to create a sequence in a sequence form .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  objects   wrapper
truth:  sort   a

test:  gets the name of the user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  called   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default component of a component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the encoding is available .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check to make sure our info in channels are update .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  checks   bool
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function to function which applies to the interpolating width of the function .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound tweets are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  same as 511 create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the specified service is available cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fit fit chpi .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  compute   objective
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  checks to see if the current request is enabled to run a comprehensive theming .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  is   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  given a rule returns a list of targets .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   strategy

test:  move to the source .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user privileges from a administration privileges .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version detail view shows a specific piece of a specific project as a dict .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  project   version

test:  retrieves a dictionary of subclass in a protocol .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open the soundcloud mesh in the database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   function
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task that has been visible .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert none or a function to a policy policy .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  map   call
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of p examples .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   p
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up the module number of files in the current working directory .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  harami pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  saving   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  use as a decorator to make a method that maps a method on a class object .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  convenience wrapper around oslos execute() method .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap python function .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  generate   encode
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  tests that hug correctly handles a uuid correctly handles a hug handles a good handles a uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the list of available available available owner .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a csv of combination of the received shed .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  point   install
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a uniform uri to a path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if a package is pip installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compare two lists of the static and desired arrays .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic training training covariance matrix problem .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   projects
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  this is a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an messages database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   try

test:  remove any new query from the users log .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  to   job

test:  allow a comment to be performed and optionally deployments .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  display   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency path .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  iterates   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate all the data files .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_eval .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  checks command line arguments matching the filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   str
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks whether two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise log function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic topics given the course .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this decorator will not use a method on a specific target that is raised as a decorator that calls the function in the same name of the wrapped by the
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  function   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a boolean value for matching chars .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  extracts all nothing from the given keywords string .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  builds   text
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  reset   request
truth:  to   request

test:  a wrapper for making a reflected operator for a reflected function .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  send an httpresponse to a file or a given parameters .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using same same name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parameters _type : int or closure of two package names .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compares   i
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate the text to a maximum of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  return   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with dataset .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  we only here to avoid actions in the dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates that the password matches the password id .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a returned returned by its id .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the country code for a given country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a task has a mapping of mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   url
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract field fields from log format .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from a specified url and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for the download_base with page_number page_number
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   filter
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns an iterable over nodes in g in the order given by a breadth-first traversal .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the hyperbolic value as a string .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time schema support .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   entity
truth:  test   test

test:  shutdown a message via acpi .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  check whether jail is supported based on windows .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the module is not additional by the additional additional additional additional additional additional .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate python source files in pkg .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  return details about all elasticache vpc connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert source file source to tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  to   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  test some plain text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  return   test
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to configparser .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   python
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert binary representation to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  private function to tabular model instances .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all the subsequent id for the folder id passed in .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  check   pairs
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  calculates the gradient value for a linear linear function .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   sum
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from mne object .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   data

test:  returns a list of matching directories .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  given   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a pair into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  null   n
truth:  convert   a

test:  create dask bag from a dask array .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator used to time window refreshs .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  generate   decoder
truth:  time   time

test:  test if a previously inserted metadata is activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  cache   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  like configuration .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of a given rar/unrar with triggers rows and returns the correlation matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a dict of files for each shell in sys .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  need   need

test:  ensures that all files with non-prettified files exist .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a list of theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  a simple user that checks whether the user is active .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  run changed on a file .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  given   set
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator used to set a single extension of a manager .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if a url has a explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert an excel timestamp string into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  skewed scores for label: label: array of circular scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  issue   issue

test:  start a request on a cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  evaluate the input value .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  get   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   run
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the module path giving the extra function .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate filtered models that has the primary keys that isnt filtered by the primary keys .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  sets up a cookiecutter that can lxml to lxml .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  block   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to reverse the view defined in get view parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  creates   url
truth:  null   version

test:  check if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   wether

test:  test to ensure that a report is set as not met .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  if the current processs is executed .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return true if the repository id is malicious to the received changeset id and false is the changeset to changeset in the pty changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  context manager for running code temporarily .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  to   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns unique weight .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   version
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are running on a python module .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   warnings
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a resource name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  require   null
truth:  package   package

test:  unset a class to a specific compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  purges   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a simple example of the garbled .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   deserialize
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  iterative a different job to the ip_ports .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log of a dictionary of dimensions .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade site classes into the clade model .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  null   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release context activation section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  take   nodes
truth:  null   mode

test:  a more sensible method .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  call   up
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key for the smtp virtual host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  add   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts the given node to a string of the given percentage .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of clusters of the specified axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates syntax error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  source   error
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  converts a python file system to a legacy tag .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  test   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  to be called when the process is true .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates a model instance as a string .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  sets   example
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate over the iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if the client is consul to the given client .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   consul

test:  generates a random sample from an randomseed function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  the type= function .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to convert macros into an expression tree .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  applies a sequence of text to a single space character in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports at separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the string representation of the procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  text   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  test composite .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  apply   call
truth:  create   a

test:  build a copy of sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of a given usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault value from the system path .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys in the database .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  make   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  shortcut to create a application .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  performs arma search for arma process parameters ar : ndarray coefficients of white coefficients for arma : array_like the number of white variables for each process with 1s y_t :
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  return the name of the pid is running in the specified pid .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  return a string with the repository heads .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the given host .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all the elements that are in a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  generate a mchoicefield form from a set of fields .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell command on a remote host cli example: .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  resolves a web server flow using http server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates the agreement for the given user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  records   records

test:  parse /etc/resolv .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   function
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = sparse x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory function that creates a cffi type for a given argument .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  nesting-safe a process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its installing --target .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  return the description of a given feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all the settings in the settings for postgresql settings .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  read   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a given object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  check to see if a given launch configuration exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   craft
truth:  check   check

test:  calculates the lowess function of order indices in an image using random zwietering .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  null   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs logs of the given space to read the custom logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a 32-bit checksum of a file lookup list .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   null
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  recursively collects a set of parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a long integer into a column number .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a tuple containing the elements of iterable whose keys are in the same determine the data amplitudes .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  take   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  given an unpadded file .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  verifies that the asset id exists in the asset id is either an asset id or the asset id .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  if   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  takes a list of upageviews and returns true if the values looks like it should be changed .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  leading   task
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   load
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with python source code .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save the pickle .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   history

test:  retrieves the user user from request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to temporarily send any debug messages to a given debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive between python 2 and 1 .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  input   input

test:  make sure the prompt is logged .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  wait   back
truth:  make   null

test:  replace all .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  builds   run
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a valid custom alias for the given alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  add a domain to each domain part of the domain .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  add   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  takes a setting that may refer to the passed settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored in the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the connected connected sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should correctly parse tabular step by step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser window for a specified root .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup modbus modbus sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a fixed original form for a fixed event .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  determine   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical bessel polynomial of order n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   testenvironment
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the http auth url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read api bytes from a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to be called via numpy .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  parse the request and return the parsed session .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a byte string to a byte order .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  rainbow = image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the current line number in the given window .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of the user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   a

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step with text 2 .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test to make sure init_faulthandler works as expected .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a function or a clip in a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  applies   f(clip
truth:  if   null

test:  verify that the tpot cli interfaces multiple ways do not use matlab .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the untracked value of files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a specific interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a noise input and a set of possible values .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  compares the existing subclasses of all subclasses that have not cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yields test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  runs   tests
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of all available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  error   view
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from missing .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   purpose
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a list of string from a tweet .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to read a zipfile as a zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  null   list
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns the default stim stim types as the default stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  return   open
truth:  default   stim

test:  utility function to clear the minion cache .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  keeps   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a support support to the url as a file .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check whether an ast filename exists in the context .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  make   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for the mac address .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  lock   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  check that the collection is a sorted collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  markdown   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  connected connected index for a dataframe .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the password deploy .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check the vcenter connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  show   null
truth:  if   test

test:  lists keyboard file from absence to lexographic .
truth: from url . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  returns the ith order statistic in a and occuring .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in the use for the given frame .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  filelinks: warning for a warning class with a warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  return the eigenvector centrality for each node of the graph .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a client .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  time   a
truth:  time   time

test:  element wise .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  -   -

test:  remove senderkey from the senderkey for the specified senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for the given package name if such a package id exists .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a pathname .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test user user using unit api .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  project   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id and group id from a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  config   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not deactivated packages already installed .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  installs   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase with purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  retrieve the first pid of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load the backend backend for configuration .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  named   function
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without the use of we can count .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to create a file with read from the path .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler on the given policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   tests

test:  while pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  process   a

test:  which overridden x is a string for the typo class .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the mapping file to reduce the inputs this is not a theano variable .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  base   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  execute a system search verbose : boolean toggle verbose verbose search query json verbose : boolean toggle image verbose search verbose json file toggle start_word cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return info on kadmin .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex where the maximum of the first half of the first half of the complex .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  run the command and write hosts .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  run   a
truth:  control   control

test:  remove the screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  tries to get the cluster sizes of a numpy ndarray .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the review board version as a python version string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip the wrapped function if docker is true .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  start a newly profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  apply   call
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check whether two values are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used to get a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if file is a directory .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the windows amount of a packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type as group type .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   group
truth:  access   access

test:  return the data home directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the tls url for a resource .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  check   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the maximum of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   variance
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a text directive .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   text
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code for a complex tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  generates the activation function of the activation function .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find the serializer by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove slashes that starts with certain paths of file .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  receives a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a given double double name the match to be removed .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  split event components into usable components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  close   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given two examples .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   print

test:  get a new coolmagicapplication instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  utility function to determine whether the instance is a sequenceable class or not .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transforms a surface to a directory .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current item .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns all notifications for the given user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   notifications

test:  make sure a bit of zeros can be considered as a trivial string .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  parsing   params
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a newly error message for the last colon error .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  function   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a satisfiability field path to a dotted field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  used   null

test:  responds to the http headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  use   use
truth:  ask   null

test:  get a new loadbalancer of f in f .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the current process status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   text
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of items in a given list of suppress the matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up any image in the property .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   update
truth:  clean   up

test:  gets a due date on given posting or party .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   const_value
truth:  set   set

test:  run a test suite in a configuration file .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about the versions of the optional versions .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   list
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a datetime object to an excel date as follows: .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  creates the bare for the given context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   value

test:  create a situation thread instance from a process .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a dictionnary that matches the given model .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure view protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager for current working directory and installs it with the given path .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  run the test suite .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively readmodule a module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the psd of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all available courses that are not sorted by the given course .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  attempts to find the file and import it .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  given   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function which can be used to create an array of function arguments .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree of a node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  create a sha256-hash string for a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for methods that require a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   item
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a list of flags as returned by rfc numbers .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  find   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about the info message .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   process
truth:  dump   info

test:  ensure the operators description is set .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  null   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  specifies sailthru when a marketing key is rsa-pss by a module .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  computes   state
truth:  enable   enable

test:  requires the output .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  implement   null

test:  update the cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates a batch of the hydrological .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id and install it on the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a table into multiple lines .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lg ble platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the default dict of a list of fields as a dict .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns user auth info .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  confine   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded automatically generated in the tipc module .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  helper to call a function using the input argument .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  call   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  obtain all files under a given blob .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint providers providers .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  populate   populate

test:  automatically creates a profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  remove a pair that spawns a file or a relative url pattern .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a single bound data from a builtin .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   item
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips test if digits_test_framework is true .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in the sff file .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a function call that can be used to create a function call .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  build   function
truth:  create   astroid

test:  like wsgiref .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a simple example of a nice unix server .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   a

test:  python 3 of convolution routine .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convolve   x

test:  checks if two boolean is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to start vispy modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  list   list
truth:  import   import

test:  check if the part of a part is an probably part of the file .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that when we are not a wheel that has a nonexistent user .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back a transaction transactions and its most recent state .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  looks   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function for computing the 3d @head = x .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the targets gt that are deep dependencies onto one of two points .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  given   none
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two inverted image using the absolute image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and page links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   check
truth:  find   find

test:  checks for two representations .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write the contents of a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  null   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse csr gives the sparse result .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  view to render the specified dbms and return the result .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate setup in floating driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   import
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a list of completions .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   info

test:  return user copy of given desktop .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags for the aws input .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  take   a

test:  parses a dictionary containing limited values for the given dictionary .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of sets of numbers .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the system encoding class corresponding to the locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  search   try
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns the version of the package that was previously installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a bookmark from the specified track .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  returns   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of the predicative according to the given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  option name .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret from the database .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  returns   secret_key
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses a string .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize a python object .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  normalize   bytes
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track track instance .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  make   a

test:  converts a uid id from a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a directory instance .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns an list of tokens for the given string .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  gets   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent the indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  prints a user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  poll the job to the redis worker .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  check   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write the contents of a tree .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate different command .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  computes a white of the l**p distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  generate a hash for the given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get a authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  get   error
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the tp is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  query   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that acquires a message to a transaction .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  iterator   multiple
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the data into a dict .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  map   null
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for filters which receive a function or a function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a set of default database options for a given database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   type

test:  an wrapper for creating a file from the given reviewer .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  pending   sign
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine driver for a specific database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the object as a unicode string from the given .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases query and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a single function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  produce a list of trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  test   null
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages within the path .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the database from the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a time in binary representation of a given file .
truth: factory function . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  function   function

test:  looks up recursively for the client .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera thermostats .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  handle   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wrapper around a test that fails with a message fails with the exception attribute of a post .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  return whether args should be passed as specified .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  if   null

test:  a view that can be used to get requests in the request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  djangos   field
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default uid for a named user .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read an sock until socket is a single version .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the list of apps that need to be overridden for the installed .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : enum_item abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all subscription information for a given topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  returns   subscription
truth:  get   subscription

test:  system ipv6 addresses for processing with ipv6 addresses .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  rules   rules

test:  read a new aes mime file and get its canonical value from a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  extracts   transform
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users and database .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   groups
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate an md5 digest of path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  blocks   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new default factory .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a files_versions representation of the provided step hash .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the name of the function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python constant source where its position in a string is a sympy expression .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  parses   operators
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that a trivial input is a start one .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  returns a tuple of host .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  to   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all values in seq .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  null   seq
truth:  return   return

test:  test the frames of the elementwise .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   os

test:  call a session and translate a session to it .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a new interactive window unconditionally unconditionally unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  null   search
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new volume in the provided string .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a module from a specific module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  computes a set of spherical labels for each of the matrix after that is in the list of spherical labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  joins a splitunc msg: string with an arcsin maximum path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  function   variant
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  check to see if a list exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return only the images that are active for installation .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a relative path .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string as a python version string .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   version
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop acknowledge section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   normalize
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  get the repr of a type .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if specified nftables is in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  return whether the request url is in the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  override   return
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated int .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  header   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the set of values that are not none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a button button object for the menu indicator .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return copy of an object as a nested python dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return the given html string with symbols in a shell replacing the appropriate number of escape characters that can be interpreted as a single quotes .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  s   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns a namespace tree for a given tree of the given tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the latapy clustering of nodes in a bipartite network .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  null   a
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the given suite with the given runner .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  fetches a list of available packages cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  return   display
truth:  template   template

test:  converts a method from a string to a graph .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  to   a
truth:  export   method

test:  given a set of priv .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   equivalent
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into a valid filename .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  get the best match between the hipchat effect .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the resource name .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  callback   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that the named database is present name the name of the database to remove name of the database to create **client .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make sure the tests when creating a process is called .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a callable .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test if a test case where the analytics is actually a relative path .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   operation
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the begin xml tag .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of *val* .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  converts an absolute path to a path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  runs a test as a listener for the duration duration this function .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the id of the given process id .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col starts with col starts values .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  input   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a bit given a file with the specified number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get unique host from a list of strings .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  flatten   null

test:  convert any extra url to a template string in a template .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  index   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test reading variable from a variable with missing missing logs .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the user tab from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string into a form .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns page size sizes from page sizes .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  index   download
truth:  get   page

test:  prints the set of all the files in a given settings .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  extracts websocket instances like system .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  int   request
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize release variables required by invoking a completedprocess module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   program
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate the jacobian network .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  try to obtain vendor from model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  remove the process from the registry .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled in a folder labeled dont dont dont have a folder when they dont have
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the sql map of a ico or a ico .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  reads   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles a password reset the password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  resets   function
truth:  view   view

test:  write the configuration file to a configuration file specified by name .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then build sumaclust scripts .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the lpol for a set of correlation matrix parameters d : int number of points in 20 returns fima : int number of the upper coefficients for each element
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  coefficients   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to generate a password hash of a given password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  display   a
truth:  shows   a

test:  callback for exactly one line of the given file in a range .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pool pool to use for the current thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like a terminal object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy a copy of data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find and return a given file for a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  search   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  construct a change configuration from a prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  config   config

test:  helper to create a regex greater than vm .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  ajax view to search the user .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  view   null
truth:  search   search

test:  get the background environment that matches the user .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture that create a fake api client as a test client that is found in the test config object .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a system mountpoint cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute the restorecon restorecon command with the system path .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if python version is a valid word string .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set the global log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   a

test:  check that segment is empty while we cant take a simple empty worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the box is a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   css

test:  check the fields of an editable fields .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  make   error
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   a
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns a thrifttasktrackerstatuslist on the upper power of f .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate a user with an email address in the db .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  converts a unicode string into a python object .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  if   python

test:  return a tuple containing the ssh version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  to   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp characters from a snmp string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  load   print
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  look for a currently configured usage .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   get
truth:  show   current

test:  python implementation of salt .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the content for a cached cached content type .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the number of numbers in a string representation .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  format   number
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array by its ones .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute samples for a theano variable .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  determine the shape of a list .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  adds an enum descriptor to all enum member .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  host   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the given type is a valid formatted set .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a function as a view that can be used to view and sets the response .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a launchd service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test checking for unknown completion for unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a derobjectid object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string into ascii python objects .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function combines a list of features as the directory .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an expectation state for the given basis .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serialize text to a n-length .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install keychain the keychain to install keychain the keychain to install password the keychain password the keychain to install as
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the local traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  private wrapper around url_unescape to display a command .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  show   command
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts a hash and returns it .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  based   null

test:  validate a fake fake instance .
truth: register the device . 
test:  set   update
truth:  register   register

test:  compute a file in a set of data .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the user can access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path length in the given source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the sympy directory .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an open team .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers in the container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get the modified time of the given module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  checks   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary is modified in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  get the first text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more dictionaries from another deprecated .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblock id for this xblocks id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flag an action that displays the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  hack   hack

test:  create a mongodb roles cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  require   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  function   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  prepare the resource to provide the user and slave it .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply terms of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  does   a
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly extract regular steps into a step step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress string input string from the matrices as a file object .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  given   function
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp opcode from the given source .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  replaces   count
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve file system path for a specified file system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on or not .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  display   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  computes the trimmed mean of a theano function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   call
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip off a string using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   strip
truth:  optimized   null

test:  implement the output of the given expression .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type information section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the initialization code in the local machine .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms phone number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a class on a remote configuration .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return notes instance of notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   cycle
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a module is false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a json story story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  updates the version number for the aws release and revision .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  if   update
truth:  update   version

test:  make a call to a analytics analytics .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  map   runs
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  force a year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  score   score

test:  return a wont view that a lexical date .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around a square around the pixel list .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   add
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if command is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  null   null

test:  create an xml element with the given time .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  load   null
truth:  click   click

test:  create a snapshot of the given vm name .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a generator of hash addresses that up to a_k .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate over fields in a dict .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  dictionary   dicts
truth:  iterate   null

test:  retrieves all of the courses list of studio actions that contain namedtuple actions in the course structure .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  if   a
truth:  list   list

test:  theano theano function for theano variables that are theano before the passed mode .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash -> password returns the password for a given user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  run   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  converts   entity
truth:  prepares   null

test:  element-wise keys in two tensors .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test basic inputs for known ipset .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the input value to true >> strings .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  do   convert
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write a packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  extracts the restify file from the glyph file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  call the standard cinder command .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  run   get
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function path given its module path .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  get a list of a feed of redirect fields .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  if   null
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the specified package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a directed graph of a given environment .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  prompts   replace
truth:  create   a

test:  de-allocate a floating ip address to a server .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a graph in a graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  presented options with experiment values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  creating   config
truth:  is   null

test:  function for creating a cross cross entropy between the target and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private function for the logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  project   error
truth:  computes   null

test:  take a list of values and return a single iterator .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  null   keys
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of policy names from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set python interpreter to call this function can be called to access to the entire action .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the attributes of a given type .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test chart classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   custom
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns the region of the region whose users are same .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a single image as an image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  swap   image
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a pair of rate operators .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper to create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string as a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  encoder only .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the device size for the given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates multiple ngram set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind the given html clause to the provided value .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  bind   input
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a version of x .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   error
truth:  generate   generate

test:  given a filename .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  a fixture providing the creation of a test .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   filesystem
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the path of the default files that should be used .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  given   a

test:  find a host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an multi-line string containing .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  parse a single json result response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline format .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  given a truncated date string as a dtstr datetime .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  regex   null
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  sets   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the llamalab automate service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on a single undirected group as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  this is a helper function for pretty-printing an error handler for the target project .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  throw   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the text of the message in the given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  compute   md5

test:  displays text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get the number of values from a tnetstring string .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the area .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   obj
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of sorted list of messages from the current catalog .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for unix line format .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  creates the minimal overrides thread for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  try to carry a post and add its fields to the cast-128 .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  if   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  given a random job .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that given string is a percent of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  checks   wrapper
truth:  check   check

test:  grabs the date between units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string version of the data file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if the given filename should be a zipfile format file .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   check
truth:  see   null

test:  internal interface for scheduled workaround .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  receives   object
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute mntd stats .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  traverse the indent hint at semicolons .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  list   position
truth:  return   a

test:  testing that the colorless snippets can access the quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel in task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return the num difference of the given expression .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command on a python function .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  null   python
truth:  start   a

test:  prepare to login in social login page .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   in
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that a test is a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  read a column table with data right right table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a file list into a single line .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a space or a space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   null
truth:  populate   populate

test:  returns an os .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an integer .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  takes a timestamp string like 5 .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  displays a template messages that is a bootstrap template .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   infer
truth:  show   django

test:  method that the given path is within the correct tool dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  if   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function in a given python full name .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french "pt-br" .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  set our warning level .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  setup   python
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion motion upto given order and derivative motion derivatives .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  function   one
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  initialize logging for runserver .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  given the path to a progress element .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the "****self" vote on a list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion aa pdp context activation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   section
truth:  control   control

test:  returns default simpson simpson .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  checks whether the user is available or the current user .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a short string for the given ascii text .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generates   shortcut
truth:  generate   generate

test:  reverse of the crawler history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  saving   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a dictionary of read from files in the cache directory .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  reads   one
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick on a command .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   pylint
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the xml text representation of a string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  make a stack trace for the given tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves the paste_deploy list available instance .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sort   get
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of certain items in the current context .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the log of the absolute maximum value of input data .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   log
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using profile parameters src : array-like original original line .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a numpy element to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the key name from the current environment .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  ensure mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  retrieves all permission requests for the given obj .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes the user in a parallel prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  imports   text
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : lparen semi rparen semi .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   statement

test:  this waits for the element and return something that has a deferred attributes .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  null   field

test:  return matfile version from systemd data .
truth: return major . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer seqs allowed to primer .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  s   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if a particular view should be used .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the generic distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  python text of a unicode string .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  if   try
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve current ethernet response for a given formatted function from a jar header .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  join an or-ed series of shifts for the first word of the given number of unification .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered for the given alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  python implementation of admins .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query record for each record in an undirected document .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a bound for target which applies a vowel and target .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   a

test:  write the n-queens info file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   get
truth:  generate   info

test:  return whether the tool is a datasource tool .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the draft that the given location is the location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  checks if system coefficients is a scipy system tuple .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  a small wrapper around a class that doesnt issue a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  is   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  apply a sort string to a collection of items .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  applies   a

test:  check all configs in the configuration files .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   filters
truth:  if   checks

test:  override the theme class as a theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  function   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of all the tests in the given directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from a nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  separate   a
truth:  nested   get

test:  parses a matrix into a 2d matrix form .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   custom
truth:  null   parser

test:  returns a list of unique groups that contain a unique id .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  take   functionality
truth:  map   map

test:  lock the file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   return
truth:  file   file

test:  generate an api key for the given hash of the hash token .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  password   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the wcs available at the given instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  add given suffix to the dictionary .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if set to true .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup mqtt mqtt mqtt mqtt sensor .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert a human readable string into a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test composite transform for the input meaning .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of keys sorted by the string values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates an adapter widget and returns its default value .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  to   null

test:  removes a successful support .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  post   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two images in im2 format .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  return   text
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unregister a unix timestamp .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists for the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   a
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  moves an item to the database .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   item

test:  wait until a step calls to wait for the selected timeout seconds before timeout .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  does   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines of strategy .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  takes   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a function to convert a unicode type of any of a string .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port and an ipv6 port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  take   null

test:  return a rational length .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a slow item .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate analytics points for tests .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a string from the breadcrumbs breadcrumb for the given breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loop of the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a string of data .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  return   function
truth:  to   function

test:  yield recwarn instances .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   a

test:  simulates a tablespace from a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for handling .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  change   a
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   unpack
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory path .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   current

test:  initialize a new thread .
truth: get streams . 
test:  does   remove
truth:  get   streams

test:  returns a human readable string .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  take an tensor types and determine its type .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  match   function
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if the given tour is currently complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  for possible spherical test cases .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  return   product
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the given url is a language patterns .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates combinations of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  converts a thread to a remote thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function formatting formatting .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  rfc   a
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  given a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  like   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  a helper for the erfa descent pain with a erfa different from erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  validate that key exists in the list of key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  given a string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  thread thread .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   shutdown
truth:  boot   boot

test:  uses the facebook reference to parse a graph from a file .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   python
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   state
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  set   set

test:  return a single single single doctype object for the doctype query .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the programs files .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  checks if the ip address is a valid ipv4 mc .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   a
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show the fiff as a file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   print
truth:  show   show

test:  convenience function to check if a directive directive definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   method

test:  takes a list of items and adds the appropriate page to each page in the page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  backend   null
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the path of the html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  generates   html
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   properties
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all packages in directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where directory is a supplied path is a given
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the input array of the current axes in x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install a package with zfs installation .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   list
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that runs the given function as arguments .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the specified flash are currently installed .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   milestone

test:  returns a consumer definition for the given consumer .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks vrouter if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  given a constraint function .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  returns   correct
truth:  given   a

test:  display a default zone cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  given a series of numbers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  return   sparse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts an etree element to a different subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to an installrequirement file .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  uploads   remote
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta folder .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  credit: yann assumes that the type(x) linear was called by a given class .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch an refs from a remote host .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  objects   objects

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  check if a checker has been changed and returns the css .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the n-queens rank of the word for given set of numbers .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of additional paths from a salt python source file .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a line .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper function to flatten a variable initialized with shared colors .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive function for common u lists .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  return   return

test:  used to destroy a session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  email   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named nodes from the minion datastore .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   parse
truth:  generate   generate

test:  contributed by removing elements from a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a network input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes based on the contents of the current python line .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  if   completion
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound method that represents a bound method in a bound method .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get the first available resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  given a string .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a tensor is initialized for provided tensor .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create an ssh system to a file in a private bucket .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieves the system roles for the given system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  null   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the laplace score of the property or cache .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  if   timeseries
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if an incoming matches against the given arguments and regenerate the result of func .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  checks   patch
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random blk_count record that can be passed to the inputs .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  given csv stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates a given value .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find a git script from a git checkout .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  when overriding a new-style function as a specific year .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  implement nrt_meminfo_data_fast in the module function for the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  define   a

test:  set a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  this function is require to test if the timeout domain .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a list of the tag strings from each cache .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument validation .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  null   test
truth:  show   show

test:  creates a docker token for a conversion of kwargs .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   instances
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new queue size if no rabbitmq is created .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote bazaar repository from the local resources .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  checkout   attempts
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an old log file in the database .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  convert   exit
truth:  log   history

test:  prints out the console and logout .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  using   point
truth:  using   testing

test:  look up the headers in the system .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  set   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between a and z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets before attacks .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  index   filtering
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  in two axes .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  find   disk
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a function that returns a movie stream that can be used to a single audio stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% test_page_is_public page as active page .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags of the database .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no output when a merge bundle is not found .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge callables from a mutable mapping .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  look   merge
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update a users user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether the user has access to the course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps djangos rules used to convert the http response to a proxy name .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is in the system .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a master frame with a heliocentric one rc2 .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   subroutine
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the remaining remaining usage for a given user .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  find   find
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu fraction for an gpu .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  constructs a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  change   null
truth:  append   append

test:  handles groups for a particular record .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  wraps   up
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements of the given expression .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size of a host size .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with a <filter> function .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert dll name to bytestrings and file name .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   unicode
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter items in a dict of predicate args: :term:permission dict .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  function   load
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given template .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the probability power of gordan and weights for a given distribution .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns the id of a message .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   newlines
truth:  create   a

test:  return the currently active backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  backend   backend

test:  pack passed into a subset of raw images for each of the passed in sequence .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  convert   multiple
truth:  determines   null

test:  retrieves a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  accepts   change
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get comparison in key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  return   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  is the number of all number of number that is exclusively in the given phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  source   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict {size:url} for a given service name .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  given a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  control   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of range limit is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to a scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets a setting value for the given tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  annotate   block
truth:  set   set

test:  normalization normalization normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  null   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda file for a given conda path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward specified in a forward representation .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  copy   eeg
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read traffic configuration from the specific configuration file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  function   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon instance for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up an in-memory in-memory info .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  get the content of the doc and cache its service .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the address of a list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute a rendering after rendering it as a callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator over a type for a type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  creates all windows paths in <path> .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  takes a list of dicts in a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   name
truth:  sort   sort

test:  determine if a ufunc can be converted to a flat and a numpy ufunc .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  matches   returns
truth:  null   variant

test:  api endpoint for updating a video file .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf annotations .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project object .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tab-completion: for a given .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip of eip describe .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   create
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does upgrade does upgrade a dependency does upgrade upgrade .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  runs a python function as a valid target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   null
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document in scheme into a dict with the content type .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  returns   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request header .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the given subprocess is a shell needed .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  wrap   functions
truth:  if   check

test:  add followers followers for existing followers .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  resolved   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available vm images on the cloud provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for bin/* scripts .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract argument id from a string .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of transversals for a strong generating set of bsgs .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  polynomials   product
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  function   a
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of free graph for each graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a gcode linear move file or xml .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the given path is hidden by the path .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   try
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of command-line arguments that can be used as a project .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the cover of the given image container image name to find the cover image .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a notification list of notification list page .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  print   a

test:  build a tree from a tree of tree nodes .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format the default payload using the http request .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  function   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return schema schema and validation schema .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an md5 token given a key .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception if the resource is not custom .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list on media library .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  read   media
truth:  get   media

test:  dynamically build output files in the given sequence of source files .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  source   a
truth:  given   null

test:  connection information for the specified connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   information
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle intersection loops .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  strips the string from the form .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when we want to cleanup care at least a container .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  ip   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  displays the current application .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  null   links
truth:  provide   information

test:  receives the problem_weighted_score_changed signal that a student exists in studio .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint estimator .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts an integer to a file descriptor or file-like object .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  return   a

test:  show the ec2 configuration .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a separate function that ensures that the directories listed in exec .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  run a python module in the given with: namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  a helper for populating .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   a

test:  verify if we are running as a config file .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  returns a list of file paths in a directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  returns   lookup
truth:  scan   a

test:  move an entity property into a protocol buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  go   null

test:  generate a testcase for tests that verify the volumeservice for volumeservice specific options .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file to the queue .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  callback   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  apply   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format message into a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is a symlink .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the submission is valid .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  request   function
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a generator of unstaged changes to the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a dict for a resource .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an album into the specified album file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  raises   fix
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary file name for a given module .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns the first n items of iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  configure the rules to complete based on the flag .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  using   null

test:  given a courses matrix .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   sparse

test:  checks if two number is greater than or equal to b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  beginning -> string return a list of lists of words in the string s .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the form displaying the questions of a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   function
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a binary token to a string of the cms token .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   add

test:  converts an absolute uri to a file path .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a queryset of contents of a vmware port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  port   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error raised raised while exception is this exception .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  ignores   a
truth:  check   check

test:  set the south bit of the matrix .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the stack trace in the stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the http resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this get the description from it .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install or continue the given record in the specific hand record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a json generated task containing a given update task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  given   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule minus rule .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname file .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a template from the post-processing post-processing to a file .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  add   equivalent
truth:  modify   null

test:  check line 1) 1) image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  converts loc vector to a certain numpy array .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace the responder that is saved by the tests .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  execute   callback
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the region catalog service .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  given   a
truth:  select   null

test:  read the object from file and return as byte string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  if   filename
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   null
truth:  translated   append

test:  get global config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   users

test:  returns a dict of legacy qos policy information for the specified volume .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in the list for true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  returns the tstd for a given distribution parameters y : float value of the loglikelihood loglikelihood : int number of points in each critical w : int number of the
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   pdf
truth:  null   derivative

test:  generate a readable string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  returns the thousand separator for a given display .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group groupby filter for a sequence of objects .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a qurl is naive or not .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a string of exact digits .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round value .
truth: get the round . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main patch of the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parses the access flags as a boolean .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   lines
truth:  transform   transform

test:  this function is run when the gluster command is ini .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks for a pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  start the centers of matrix undo .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  computes   rows
truth:  -   -

test:  see if a file has been comma .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email using the specified smtp message .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  uses   text
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a unix datetime to a datetime as a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  is   null

test:  runs a test suite in the geos tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generates a response normalization for a local network .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   response

test:  discover zookeeper locations for a string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a fit with fixed bound and a fixed fitting .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed list for use in known area .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if input error is an errors field .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get the value of a dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  command   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast an prepare prepare .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  file   a
truth:  send   a

test:  signals to a users creation queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the indent cli example: .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the last sync datetime .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  applies a function or a clip that will be called on a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  removes   f(clip
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line looks like a white line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a student for students of students of students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next monday for the next iteration .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  null   date
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate a set of generates a set of attributes .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that the database is protected by an unversioned .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  temporarily suppress stdout and exits without a context .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   code
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   notify
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if input is a datetime .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true iff running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  usage: lx doesnt want to run a command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  edit   rvm
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns the clip of the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a a migrate instance of a python object .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service via monit cli example: .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  retrieves   instances
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an ipython interpreter .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generate a new instance of the instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  xml   xml

test:  replaces all contents of a users home messages .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached successfully .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  produce additional properties for the given value in the passed additional properties .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  destroys   changes
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of flavor .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  null   vms
truth:  null   method

test:  delete an es elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via the environment command brew name .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is a u'pending' address .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  check if the given node is a valid super node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of *y* to support number of projects .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a volumename .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   func
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  msg   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger and get the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require an installed version of a release release .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of a version cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   cassandra
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring in the /dev by fake {% considerations: considerations: a description of the fake distance matrix .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce a postorder postorder of graph in a depth-first-search manner .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  dictionary   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward a source formatted dict with the given number of translations .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  hex   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  covert kernel .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a new node on the cloud machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the 3x3 3x3 for a particular axis in any given axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the modulestore setting from the request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator that will be called by the client .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json so that it can be converted .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  interpret   value
truth:  value   value

test:  check if there are enough elements of a functions .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking receive .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  if   null
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set of bytes .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  bytes   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  load tidy in a string and return a single fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  check   difference
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   pylint
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check whether the given process is currently being a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   check

test:  render a numpy array .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage storage class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the beacon configuration .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract a path from a package instance .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in gaussian .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  policy a list of substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download a file from unless its contents from a tarball file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   filename
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for a template api function that creates a class for the given *typ* attribute .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks what file matches .
truth: test if . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expands expands setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for concrete concrete container .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default value for the current thread .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  get   get

test:  set modified on one of the object on the provided object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  returns a nearest snmp string as a snmp parser .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  build   build
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of violations for all violations in the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find the file to get the given filesystem path .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  given   filesystem
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  print a string listing the python implementation to the python interpreter .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   openssl
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert list to tuple .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   login
truth:  format   format

test:  remove one or more options from the dictionary passed .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  combine   node
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to a remote server and return an socket object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory to toplevel elementary wrapper around requests that allows one entity .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  enables   a

test:  release event manager on media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  list   media
truth:  get   get

test:  rewrite the line for an object so that it has the line number of stack .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  stack   change
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the contents of a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  if   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  support decorator that takes a function or a server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  computes the homogeneity score .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : definition < field_type > .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  append append entries to the end of a given payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   in
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path with overhangs removed or any new build loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  checks in seconds since epoch of a given time in seconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get a worker .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the reg_dir for a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   a
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision matrix to have a precision vector .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   a

test:  update the config_id info file in the specified server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first word in a sentence .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  quotes   null
truth:  find   image

test:  returns the linear summation of a list of matrices .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  500 an html response with a technical error .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verifies that the given datastore-indexes is set to an instance of mm .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  retrieves the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to a confirmation confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a deprecated argument to an argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   messages
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns tuples with nulls values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  function   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  test if environment variables should be used for a particular environment .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   try
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads all images in a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a psget pdf list of files into a supported list of files with the directory .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a template list of a loop list of default position in a given loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the distributions .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   load
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the passed name is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  yield http response data using http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the specified activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  raises   null

test:  url existing add an user to the user who have .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  function   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base type for the given base name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm environment cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags in the given feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see if a given object is a bpf type .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that roundtrip is installed and it is of a course .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of child objects of the is_numeric_batch() .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  are   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test list get screen .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and split the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the value in a given argument .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  function   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  look for a cache in cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  put   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes in a given folder .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  list   thread
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a list of all of the resolver in the provided file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert traceback of amount in group to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  overrides   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the given list is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat a 2d tensor along an axis of a given axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of currently running services cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  to   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   new
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function will return the restart restart for the project .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append the given text to the scope of a literal .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   text
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the current version of the release file .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create the type for the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  read the header from the header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a glob glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   wrapper
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist rpar | atom .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   y_i
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset vo classes to default values .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  retrieves the real host for the given wsgi host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the file name for the given target .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that a package is installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  import   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of the arguments passed to the arguments passed .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user is associated to the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parameters indexer : a tuple or a byte dtype : a numpy dtype .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  encode   attempts
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   a
truth:  file   file

test:  call cmd .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator only do some compatible function if the serial statement are not equal .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a tree .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return boolean series/array if a reqs string is a reqs string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  matches   character
truth:  find   find

test:  generate sjson from srt and output of sjson sub .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns a markup instance with the passed name and display name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load information from a directory .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap the given class with a list of arguments .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder for the given host .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  to   try

test:  page rendered with internationalization .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   grain
truth:  rendered   page

test:  find the mapping of mapping file to their input mapper .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  map   version
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  returns the cygwin provider string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  s   value
truth:  value   value

test:  test the sample image .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   null
truth:  visualize   null

test:  return true if user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  if   user
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple containing the data for a given spawned .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a deprecation depencency .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct public title .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  returns the html section of the html section for the given time .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the class object that represents the given image .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for adding a permission to the permission .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until the minion is available .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a numpy family of the given date using the given parameters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a method to wait for a vm to see if the python module is loaded .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project can transfered transfered .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test static a static static static static static static static static file .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  checks a list of connectivity for a set of neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  takes a list of null objects and returns a urlencoded of it .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a filename to the pathlist image .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the cli tool .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key from the specified key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  null   method

test:  converts the given binary string s1 to a single binary string .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes multivariate fft .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of ports ports groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the default image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates a password in the provided password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts any object to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  start a new cookiecutter .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   install
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns true if the iterable is supported on the system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received object from the object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse in a tree of messages .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  if the given statement is a pytree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  performs   return
truth:  enforce   a

test:  convert a predicate string into an integer using display .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute targets for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip window window of definite tweets and write regardless of representation tweets .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  finds   up
truth:  identify   null

test:  check that the distances system input is a scipy .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to use as a hug api method as one .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  print   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return an slice of request or a request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate a set of uniform order statistic for use in order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculates   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a come way for converting to the database .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  support   support

test:  splits given array at breaks along breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string using the imap4 encoding .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  retrieve an list of created receivers and their status for the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that converts a content or a content model for the given content .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a tuple of confusion .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  text   null
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare prepare prepare prepare a jid to prepare as the job queue this is to do any dont collide dont collide collide or prepare prepare
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the evaluators method .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  clear all the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return the fully qualified property in the bear list .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  log response .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  use the config for the specified datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   null
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of matplotlib plots .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix a stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  fix   fix

test:  filters grouping as a list of lists of grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  output   output

test:  start the given command using the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed in cobbler is a unique table .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pad or data padding from a passed less than or equal to it .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  apply   standard

test:  returns a progress string for the given epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  searches for classes in python 2 and returns a generator of python files for use within the aggregate directory .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a list of boolean values into a single string .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates a random tensor filled with shape and seed .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an http request .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the standby timeout in milliseconds .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst in the given example to check all rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the file name from the current source file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  get   one
truth:  test   test

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port for the given network .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open the given file using the given proxy_config_data .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   function
truth:  open   a

test:  return the default values of the standard error for each mean of the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing this module is not supported .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all the messages stored on a wireless .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes outer whitespace from the input string .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  abbreviate   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return dictionary of information about the specified output .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   delete
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator to run a script based on the server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add docs lines between "a" and conditionally tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a raw object to its object as a unicode string .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  null   numpy
truth:  to   predicate

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  get the spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  compares sampling loss as sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  force   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut of a given context .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  parameters .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent a string so it can be splodge within a given string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   messages
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant to a flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users known_hosts .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  get   requires
truth:  provide   grains

test:  deletes tidy from the current meaning .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with keys of the current python code .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  check   return
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the camera .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  delete an attribute on the given instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the current python information .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  null   stubs
truth:  add   a

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  use in the file-upload is in the configured list .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compress and return a new pair of the supplied property .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   maximum
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the filesize representation of a file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  iterate   sequence
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether this cors is exclusively .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  load an image from disk .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  return   image
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for the given script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value for a configuration .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   get
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of the given random sentence-like .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the ports are referenced by the given travel .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  report   a
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  given   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator to provide the extend and update a method on a class .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a structure of the corresponding sparsevariable transform .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary is used in many language modeling papers .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   load

test:  determine whether the line ends with an optional line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  do   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an email this is the authorized authorized index .
truth: index handler . 
test:  if   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a single leastsq using a course .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   function
truth:  solve   solve

test:  sets up a function for a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location of a location .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with keys of the keys in the form .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists and exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure the process starting a message is not a mock .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  notify systemd to start systemd api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to a python type .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  cast   cast
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies from specified principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an visible descriptor to a nonstaff list .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  if   returns

test:  given one of the keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  set   set
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  writes   null

test:  make sure the pointer is not rewritten .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  function   null
truth:  running   in

test:  check if the name is a physical format .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  display information about the python execution .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk for a gtk of autowin .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  make   function
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher given prefetcher .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic cubic autocovariance function .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  masking   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new decorated function that validates the given attribute .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the next available word .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   find
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  look up a certain repository in the executable .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  run   copies
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the specified schedule is enabled for the current environment .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install an existing virtual machine id of the virtual machine id of the name of the virtual machine to install a minions pkt2uptime app id of the virtual machine .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  private method to check the report to see if it is requested .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  copy   current
truth:  null   information

test:  retrieves the cluster id for the given cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  entry point for printing out the set of elements .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  creates and returns a section of the given parameter name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove boldface indentation from docstring *s* .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  encode   text
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  true if the value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if a readable string is a valid pagerduty or four octet .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the requested response .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   command
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize a new resource db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initialize   patch
truth:  initializes   null

test:  given a vm object .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure mimic the figure to display .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string representing the redis database .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a dictionary from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the analysis to read the tex root as the tex file .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   alias
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource headers for a catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   crud
truth:  header   header

test:  combines two points in data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have the same name .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  write a serialized serialized serialized serialized serialized signature .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the currently installed modules on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests wether the same read as possible .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  do   trace
truth:  if   null

test:  raise a decorator with a specific intercept or *all* .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  decorates   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validates for an privileges to see if the privileges for the supplied privileges are as expected .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  return   prints
truth:  validate   validate

test:  expands a set of variables to be old statistics .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  check the browser of a browser range .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the new dataset and returns none if it exists .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  delete all process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  construct a new rnn instance .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses an http date string from a date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 score .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a repo tag corresponding to a repo tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the gw is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle command line link .
truth: process one link . 
test:  template   text
truth:  process   one

test:  creates an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-rm(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  returns   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print the shell status in an p_0 .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using different already satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  find   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that multiarg cases do not catch the bootstrap .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   purpose
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the specified fhandle is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer arguments to a method list .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the rms of a unless one of the test .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper function that look like alignment alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the generated urls require a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the cache directory from cache to write to cache entries in the cache .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  clean   list
truth:  remove   apk

test:  automatically creates a message and exit if the messages is an exit message .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi server hosting wsgi app engine .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine for the file to update its dependencies .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show a message with a simple pair of keys .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  check   display
truth:  null   message

test:  get the client token to use in the following api .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a message on a topic to a specific topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a unique string of the user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  takes master log kicks and returns a master to corresponding three binary arrays .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dictionaries by value lists into a dictionary .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test this test unless the download has no datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  kill receiver from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication handler for http auth service .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  update eeg plots .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the status of the algebra that was modified by lecuyer .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   display
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the device file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  checks whether a directory has subjects_dir subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   boto
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hash value order by the hash algorithm .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the bridge output list from the authentication audio device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  time   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  get freebsd command .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  if   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update import job in the db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  null   tasks
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator that ensures that a function is run when a thread is run .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  remove duplicates .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port number .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this method is provided to ensure that the site contains all enabled against a site .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  allows   returns
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a tcp server and start a new modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark several runs on a single dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  boolean   test
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument type is unicode .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into blog posts .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check for discrete discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to set the localectl locale for the current locale .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  check   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return a cast based on a cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  module   context
truth:  determines   null

test:  check that a given flow matches the given checkout flow .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  given a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  if   mne
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add domain domain to a simple domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception instance into a text3d .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test tcp/udp network .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  existing   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode an object as defined in the state of a datasource object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encodes   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the elements of x .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  discard   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory on another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks barcodes of valid dna fields also contain valid dna fields that have valid dna .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  iterates over nested elements of a sequence of lists .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   seq
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing path .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles a user .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  email   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format time in a normalized unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   hash
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates an zones flag for each zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create the pidfile .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  write a base64-encoded string to a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  read   a
truth:  object   object

test:  checks if printing is too long enough code .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a bilinear kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   version
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary containing a color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   service

test:  creates a compositelayer wrapping counter and test which transforms correctly for flattener .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of urls for a given process .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   null

test:  private function will slaveof master name the master to slaveof host the master to use for slaveof .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to our url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  content   changes
truth:  add   add

test:  set the nestedrings .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  null   nova
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  poll the server to use and waits until it fails .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  if   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns the base64 code of the given message .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load the file path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text groups .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  creates the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a dict of files read from the provided metadata file .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  convenience function for creating a new formula rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  returns   calling
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if source can be handled by an old source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  if   node
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  checks if the promo preliminary is in the end of the end of the date .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   return

test:  prints statistics of a given width .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  die nd .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the group specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists all virtual machines on the cluster .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a task to become accessible as a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   task
truth:  wait   null

test:  convert a unicode string to a form .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save all the runtime runtime .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login url .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like _simplesizer except for recorded .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  run   profiling
truth:  call   call

test:  shorthand for callers .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  exception   print
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of detected changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  url   generate
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an alert logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the background tags from a background tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new hmm matrix that appends the corresponding state of the api matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  given   null
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  it should allow imports without a few deriving .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the versioned document of a resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  called   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to yiq color space conversion .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  if not already been set .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  sort   instances
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check if a process with the given pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  return   check
truth:  use   os

test:  view all entities of a given request .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  select   null
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test to make sure that the html table columns doesnt generates a normal table columns in the table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number formatted as a base-256 representation .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the most recent job path .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a method to memoize a method to a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa taxa table object based on sample sample sample ids .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  context manager that returns a file or url as url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  name   name

test:  get a web server path .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the source .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  look up an attribute dictionary by the duration of the reorder found .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of git .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  do a message to the private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dictionary of the specified outputs .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a and/or query paramaters paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test validation .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  processes cache information about related units .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  related   update

test:  return a parsed web .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  function   point
truth:  null   null

test:  update project with project objects .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   update

test:  assignment_operator : equals abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   exp
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  returns the relative path to a relative sls string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a dictionary of data .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that the compiled ids are correctly .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   test
truth:  is   null

test:  stdout command line tool for running commands .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   command
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of all the available eselect region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  pass in a runner to the received kwargs .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  square-free part of f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get the pip version of the pip package .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the first version of the version string .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  instantiate a name as a __blobfileindex__ attribute .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures a synchronous context is a new - not a new one .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as the response .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  return   function
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the python module is run .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a header line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  format   format

test:  attempt to undo .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   ssh
truth:  undo   undo

test:  converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  executes commands in a lx .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  specified   null

test:  parses the input data as a tuple .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  look   null

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   quote
truth:  wraps   a

test:  computes the cdf of the cdf from the given template .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a thing for a group .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   t
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report in subjects .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  entry point for the script "pyflakes" .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  if   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current numeric node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the validation and choose the data for a specified release release .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  get contiguous regions mask based on boolean array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return a binary representation of the given bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the paths of the remote search paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   thread
truth:  find   find

test:  compute f and degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns all the children/threads where the theano registered in the given list of weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  compare versions and version packages .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  batches limits for dummy variables parameters limits : ndarray limits : array-like for dummy variables returns dummy variables formatyyyy-mm-dd : array-like dummy variables for bootstraps .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  given an average avg .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  return   find
truth:  is   null

test:  turns a string .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  given   inverse
truth:  parse   k1

test:  format a number formatted as a string in the current locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized normalized log-likelihood for the binary image .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  converts basestring that represents a start .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   approximation
truth:  convert   a

test:  serializes a python data structure like object .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: always load . 
test:  module   check
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to unique id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a flavor record .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a wtforms wtforms .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  time   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set the current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that installing a requirements file using a colon install .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a path to a string if it isnt a path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  select   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  project project files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   a
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given time .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the cflags sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  tokens   display
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  returns the purchase for the current position of a purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   average

test:  returns a single test .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app to the current thread .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return a theano theano code between theano and theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   up
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  convert text to unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed score of the mean along the given axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a certificate from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  -   function
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator for checking if the specific function type is made .
truth: function type . 
test:  get   function
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all visible namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  use the test class to setup a test case for all of the characters in the test []class .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  given the path of the device .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   mail
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload the input data in a figure .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  deinstalls   a
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for conversion .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   run

test:  returns list of regionalize from a given region .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  turns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the connection to the db server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a test if the modifier is a valid error type .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enable the python interpreter to make this return a logging level .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  configure   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if a given uri can be parsed .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the parent of a given parent database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   return
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is the projection of a model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show the checksum of the package that owns the file .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets descriptions of a python file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the vm with the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file from the string .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  function   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the contents of the m3 file into the file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  append   append

test:  given a series of order from each series of the last value in cumulative from each series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical spherical angle in radians .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary with the given language code .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  turn   guess
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  reads a file and returns its contents .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  read   search
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return true if *obj* is a valid object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove file with given location .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  ajax view for a exempt@process document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns true if the backup backup and could supported on a request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon machine learning .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test setting up source file .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   fiducialssource
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules in a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that all titles from a pandas dashboard on a list of titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  return   up
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from a file in text format .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   filename
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns the n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  publish c{main} to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  function   return
truth:  renders   html

test:  function to decide whether a function has a postscript function in place .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace namespace note that the nominated module will be loaded in prefixes namespace namespace namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its clip .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  normalizes a tcp address from a socket .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a linear column data .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  convolutional coupling .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   a
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test function to check if a given domain is a valid domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unflag page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: heavy-job publish matrix .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a buffer using an image and return it .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set config argument to do so the display will be automatically any items in an integer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check the validity of a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  same as props .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   number
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string representation of occurrences of the string .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  re   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng prng is currently installed .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise for each image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  select   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid docstring .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets up the stubs api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   loop
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a tex window .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install lines for a package .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  split   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get user auth using http api .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a simple tasks to get the celery of the celery thread .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  get equated path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply the filters to the specified query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download a unsigned browser for a given reviewer .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the absolute value for a set of points .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  function   likelihood
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a message to an output file .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  return   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading and writing keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get a list of namespace files starting with the given name .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  find a relaxed distance between a relaxed distance matrix .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  null   distance

test:  copy config .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  backup   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  insert the given tables to a dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  lists   table
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  format   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object of the object .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  converts data into a string of topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root spec for the object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the specified minor device from the system .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   prints
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies via rabbitmqctl virtual machine user under rabbitmqctl offset .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the libcloud module if the kernel is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the upload of a upload .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   handler
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the inverse of order n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   request
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  given the row and column chunks .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test that all the at least the provided key has the factorize schema .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  test   test

test:  export the gcode text from the abridged text .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  marks a function as a unicode string .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  form   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a dir of source files in a directory .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return the iframe instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string of html references in one space .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   seed
truth:  given   a

test:  return strlist union of sequence a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   list
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a list of json used to take in the given creator .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   kernel
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of items from a feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  link   version
truth:  creates   a

test:  creates multiple data values out of the given translation .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  implement   filter
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  utility function to walk all python files in a given python source .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  resizes   import
truth:  yield   null

test:  computes the robust covariance matrix of coefs prior to ma .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  computes   error
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of the python version as a tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate num_peaks colour by colour .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  null   caches
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a dict and a list of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module counter to the output .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  creates an application/x-download purchase .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  appends or sets the config option to the use of a config option .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  add   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the csf .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  update items/subsequences data which have the required email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  updates   email
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a set of date .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> time regex determines the <name> of a task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   expression

test:  ensure message is pending messages in use this from an xml document .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper to create a random port on a socket .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs a user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read data from a file named filename and return as byte string .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of the directory pids of the given list of strings .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi and clone its most recent .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  generate a sample sequence of length n from a binary sequence .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a short .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested compound level number .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build a value for interacting with an http state .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given service and transport it to an arp one .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  checks if items in a list is a dictionary of trackinfo objects .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  executes the settings .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if argument is at least one .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  format all es statements in the provided requirement .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  filter   comments

test:  return a sqlalchemy link to a palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use list comprehension instead of default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add square between this queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  graph of dumps() .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace explicit newlines with spaces in a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check that a new warning inside a new new one are before the new and updated with a new one .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of systemd command arguments for use in systemd .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  outputs the cycle for this template tag .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve templates according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the smtp virtual server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function: perform a package with a maximum of the repository installed .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  creates   handler
truth:  take   action

test:  take a chunk of items and extracts the corresponding tree to a given tree .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   indentation
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   display
truth:  look   up

test:  converts a string representation of the boolean value into a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the endpoint of a given reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   handles
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses a string and returns a message .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do the randomized value with randomly elements randomly .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  null   array
truth:  m   m

test:  check if the specified user is admin .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the name of the pressure instance .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  null   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  ajax view for the user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  listing   listing

test:  gets gateway details from a given account or a list of gateway .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the maximum line that has the given lines .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and local ones .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a set of variables for use within a set of *sequences* .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert a datetime to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  given   a

test:  validates value for lists of type not a single string or a shadow thereof .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return continuation state of a revision file .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  list   a
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns whether the given key exists for the passed partition .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an email address for the given user .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  calculates statistic statistic for a multivariate polynomial of a multivariate polynomial .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  calculates   method
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  get the accessible dialog .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  function   point
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use this method to require the given key in a function .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   section

test:  wrapper for left and left .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text at the top with relevant elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  numpyprinter not throw an exception when given exception is not found .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  prints   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for api methods that use a single argument to check if its not already present .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns the list of all the active children in the given process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  clean   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given vectors is a valid active .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  null   review
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets a queryset of all the user sent to the pagerduty .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether a given ref is a valid ref format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  internal function to check the directive token for a given token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  function   function

test:  decode a gauss-legendre gauss-legendre packet .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   names
truth:  list   list

test:  an ssl_options wrapping wrapping a preventing context that should presented in an ssl_options context .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mock counters .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  import   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  null   qtwebkit
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  get   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace for each file in the stack trace .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   print
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the module name .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single package .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a symmetric entry into the number of characters .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  verifies that the results of a 9-tuple is present for the project .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  error   error

test:  generate a random string of the supplied syntax .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  set a group add a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference string in a1 notation to a required format string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the cache file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if the given date is holiday for other employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the last tool of the layer as a string .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns an download url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  get   master
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  completely generate a sequence of serial items from the given iterable of iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   elements

test:  creates a mixed-state .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  returns   release
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation from the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a json representation of the graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator which causes its input to an instance of sys .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  allows a login view .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a group to an acl group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the given data using the cipher object .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  change   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  return python info in a text file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   python

test:  format an execution status information .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  get a lexer from the given code .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images in an image .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  blend   blend

test:  given a string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  github   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a json list of auto fields of a certificate .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   status
truth:  sets   sets

test:  asserts that a certain element of python and returns a bool .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  ensure   output
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a credentials from the propagates propagates url .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the union of all graphs of the graphs with redirection .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   models
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the date in the current date as a datetime object .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  registers config file .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   multiple
truth:  patch   patch

test:  turn a token into an identifier token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  given   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the connected zone platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  configs   configs
truth:  null   resource

test:  verify the locale for the specified minimum package is not installed .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   return

test:  inverse of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  signal   in
truth:  set   set

test:  writes a string which is the concatenation of the value in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  null   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  in which the user is logged in .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the connection from the mysql server via a mysql folders .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns all suggestions languages .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce read-only number of space after a test .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save minions id to a specified crontab .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpack the existing update update .
truth: from url . 
test:  combine   alias
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the windows amount of a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  containing options from a & & raw messages .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  add an environment variable for the duration of a path .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  adds   list
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags on a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   tags

test:  check the message as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  check binary correspond to the nearest derivative of single configparser .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   correctness

test:  look for swap lines of lines in namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  looks   set
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  return the replacement set of *a* .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  null   count
truth:  count   replacement

test:  set the group module if the kernel is smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   up
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   a
truth:  s   s

test:  get a fixed timezone for a fixed offset .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a short is in a short layer .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   implementation
truth:  test   mne

test:  a very way to read the object from the given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  null   a
truth:  called   null

test:  returns l1 norm of the similarity of the vector .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   something
truth:  null   norm

test:  a decorator that converts a method name to its method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted by the current or created .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all of the proxy functions should have gl names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  returns   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  tarball flowgrams in share_new and prints the sound file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get an httpresponseredirect to the primary category for a given category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  print the system command to stdout .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   cmd

test:  reads a file-like object from a file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   function
truth:  open   a

test:  generates a generator that yields a stored plugin from the given collection .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the thousand database from a keystone session .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   check
truth:  check   check

test:  pack a string to a string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  prompt   unicode
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix types that are valid .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   helper
truth:  fix   method

test:  given the possible list of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a function into a generator that converts it into a callable function signature .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   a
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a client message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  this test should be at least one ratio with no tableau[ .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  find a insteon layout for nodes in g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  returns   networkx
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release has a release release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  quick test of none .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to get an number of an underscored id .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  locate   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   accept
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return networks on all networks in network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   network

test:  merge the model class of a single model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  release media manager manager from media player list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install the virtual environment for the provided package .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator to mark a function wrapper for git purposes .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  command   correct
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection of the given collection should be retained .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  api method that automatically reload a single bytestring .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  module   get
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function for computing totals for use in a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  null   function
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   simple_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml element to a file in the given formats .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dumps   register
truth:  dump   null

test:  creates a note that the note wrapped with the passed data .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   connection
truth:  create   attachments

test:  get a symbolic block device .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  returns   state
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine of the boolean vector .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   qos
truth:  computes   null

test:  alter the bottom points to the loop .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current configuration variables .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  straight text against text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  text   tuple
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc auc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  returns   reduction
truth:  null   null

test:  set data in directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert an amount to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : pointer lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   launchd

test:  evaluate the value of the known gpio .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  applying   real
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the requested cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  given   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of the timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection indexes from the end and y .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  args: virt : virt type or column type .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  find   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets the user object by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   user

test:  for each digit file in a sequence that stores the same way as steps .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a numpy type or a string into either a python ndarray or a number followed by the locale functions .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a given url is mon cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate on the certificate file .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  return a comma-separated query for a type given a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  null   type
truth:  get   a

test:  identify a user using two methods: a) if they are printable .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  sending   request
truth:  to   try

test:  serialize python data into dict .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  null   function
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the collection of user with the given user_id and update its update .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  the clipped function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  rectified   relu
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  thread in "bulk" .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  documents   documents

test:  encodes a unicode string in the given system encoding .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the line looks like a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce traffic server using local traffic server .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   copies
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() for @jitclass instances .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  function   infer
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the vector vector as a list of vectors .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read an annotation packet from a :meth:select .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets based on the targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns an games entry matching a given args/kwargs .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  generate   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text by svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  computes an absolute value for the given arguments .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of all folders on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add an element to the face .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  iterate   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  import all python suite for the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  if   function
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given certificate name the certificate store to be removed .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and create a logger instance of the python interpreter .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   multiple
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a file filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each file in the directory .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape a string so that it can be used as one in a xml string in a terminal .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  commits an application .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  list   app
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the coordinate diagonal for a given coordinate view .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for the existence of a stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding python object .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple of the os version string .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the given objects using the given iterator .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the mask values for border .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  replaces   new
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  validate an ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  read   return
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a list of dicts and returns either a new key .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  make   version
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma declaration to a 2d array of strong ar iff iff iff iff iff is end of the geometric pixels in each sample .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns absolute path for a given filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the lg alarm platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugin filenames from file .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files in a configuration file .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  write   discovery

test:  retrieves the fully qualified name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  [option1 of tasks and thread .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  compute   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a album by its id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova is installed .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   nova
truth:  check   check

test:  perform a ask part of a user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ask   user

test:  creates the path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for the signer loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  attach   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a list of unique users with the product of the given user .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   n

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function calls fasta filepath and creates chars'] tree of sequences with suppressed checks truncated fasta filepath percent_subsample: tree roles tree_subset: if true .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  list   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  this function iterates a file and determines its contents .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   dumps
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from db .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   null
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  expected confidence bound for given expression .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  clears the xmodule database that is unique in the current context .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   null

test:  bincount class labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to set an dependency to be a test class when the class is not defined .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  pad   returns
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check that symlinks exists .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  handles a request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  handles   a

test:  make a url for the given url .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  resolve an iso8601 directly as embl and return a result string .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  configure the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   set
truth:  set   set

test:  converts basestring strings to bytes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   conversion
truth:  convert   convert

test:  collects a queue from an url and return the api queue .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  retrieves   api
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a datetime .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of intersection of the disjoint disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove outliers that are provided in the function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert a memoized version of the user .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  normalized   function
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  see   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all the translations for each given sequence of files .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete dashboard set and version of version which are deleted .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  delete login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  do   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check a syntax error expanding expanding .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  if   return
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  checkout the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  checkout   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  retrieve data for a specific returner .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete prospective file if it isnt already exist .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  return   create
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm alarm name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the simplified dependencies of the required credentials are not equal to the parent .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  writes a redis server to redis by opening and all of its contents .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   lowercase
truth:  test   test

test:  formats the given html string with all spaces in a single newline character .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  generates the correct map of the most frequently the input *individuals* .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  see   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that a proxy is provided as a submission of rfc 2822 .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a pattern .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert the input vector to a list .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  creates a new admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies from an interface .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get an iterable of all of the package names for the given package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite a changelog that differ between two deploy .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  deletes   sync
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  tab-completion: through the utc function in the naive format .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope yaml: runscope allows the build as environment variables to runscope .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs one or more files in a given command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test row of row .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response into a parsed response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  get and display the system stub for the user .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding or unicode object .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  null   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager to temporarily disable previous disabled .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine if it is a valid dictionary .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  return   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract a fake option value from the provided object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   teardown
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path where the points is inside the channel .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  issue a body in the current :arg option where the background server is in the path .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  signs   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  compatibility wrapper for search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator for marking inputs of default default values .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  produce a list of prime vectors that are prime by each prime .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove leading whitespace from the given string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server manager .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  use this to convert a string x to a type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text for a given text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  this decorates a function calls a deprecation warning on a warning and version .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  determine whether to jmx are currently being run .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  completes html tidy for the given verbosity .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  return   source
truth:  run   html

test:  helper function that will set the star and cache it in the cache .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   success
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   check
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an argumentparser manager .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions on a particular module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  name   loop
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  check the command to see if it has command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements of each feature .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  format   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  uses the given file to return the page instance as a byte string .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  open   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract an inventory from a json python dictionary .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  use use theano instead of gpu servers to move .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  mean   return
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze freeze for a pip running pip .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  process the registry .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a base class represeting using a specified cube .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks hosts config by a list of network hosts .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca ca bundle bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared axs .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques cliques for the given iterable of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks a valid valid magic number for a raises an exception if it is not a valid one .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up the server id for the given server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   function
truth:  input   input

test:  returns the minimum policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two values in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  make a listener that looks kind of the input .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  replace   replace

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string and a full process .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into default resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  block   a
truth:  null   inject

test:  if the given user has access to a ecommerce service processor processor .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a list of hosts for a specific vmware environment cli example: .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  force all the eggs eggs in the site .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  if   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a list of members for a particular group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  creates a new remotestatepersister state .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  make   null
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status for the response .
truth: produce status . 
test:  if   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test plotting of undoes files in directory .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   morphing
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns the absolute uri for a uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the fact set .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   exit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  uses the onkyo test to test our commits .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  test   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the base script in ~/ .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  null   python
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize with floatx .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  starts   pair
truth:  quantize   a

test:  converts a vector into a string of bytes .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  bytes   converts
truth:  create   a

test:  get a service object for the specified service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  documents the beacon configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that the model returned from another model is passed to that the regression is passed with parameters passed to the ndarray .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add faces from complex .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  lists all backup .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   options
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the given locale exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  request a full tool tool in the same directory as well .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  handy the current requests url this function is used as the current request context or a generic string that is not used to perform http request context .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the module is updated correctly .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  use   test
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure session is enabled .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  is   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check if we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  null   test
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp in a given time .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  version of set_subtensor .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   validator
truth:  check   check

test:  get the names of a function spec .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  when a container is requested .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a generator containing events and generate directories for all events in the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  a when a document is created with a specific restore that doesnt yet .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like unicode but returns true if the value is a unicode string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  function   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper method for opening archives actions .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  this is here to override the default debug function .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the file is html by comparing them .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a list of tweets for a template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  reads the given image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get an input series of arguments connected to the arguments passed .
truth: search series . 
test:  return   code
truth:  search   series

test:  generate a string of the starting points for a set of shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   handles
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a file path return the source code for a file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  given   a

test:  application context dictionary section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template as a template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  used   route
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that uses a get form for a view .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  when a runner as a runner for a step whose keys are usascii .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   a
truth:  make   null

test:  use this decorator to passive passive handler to a class .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a consistency .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in each dataset .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the request is a valid unified post .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  configure markdown filter to the xml api .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  visit   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  emit the number of bits that are between 0 and & digits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  count   count

test:  set the amount of seconds to restart for a given package .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns information about the xml metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  import   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate breadcrumbs page .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a experiment string which is a wrapper or in a folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test test test filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build a generator that maps ninja in the ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  update the consolidate blocks with the unique blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  perform   pairs
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  generate pprint information about a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  callback   server
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  like :func:url_decode but returns the byte object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  read   function
truth:  return   a

test:  skip a string such that it is not an integer .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  emit a short k" for a given payload .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an nginx site to be enabled .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   prints
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of table .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a stc source estimate .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  remove all files which match the source directory and their contents .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks if the given client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   none
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the rrc822 message from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the lg alarm platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a grep pattern on the minion .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string value with given list of values for a given list of values .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if datasets has available .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  convert   import
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate table of dags in the given container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true when address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  allocate the ids of a model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  dictionary   function
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  file   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  centers a value for use in a url .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  get all the subsequent id for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  function   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to four representation .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   series
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the amount of inclination and end for a given .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  do we have to run pyinstaller .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  verify   version
truth:  if   check

test:  log the log file at the top of the passed log file .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage api .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  check a querystring .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  view function that returns a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that a marathon marathon can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template mapping .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  check whether the given string is a indirect for the specified doc .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front width over loops and add intersection loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check python file in py2k format .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  check   method
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the local ip for use as a local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank of the rank with its generalized elements .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the given xml string .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed in *icrs* as being the column are consistent with the making sure the transformation passed .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   fix
truth:  null   null

test:  tests units units are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the authmechanism from the given response and returns a boolean value .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of version numbers and sorts the most one .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   sort
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the server is resolvable and determine if it is a server .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link for the block of the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes the virtual environment .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  redirection redirection .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  build   build

test:  run a subprocess and read it as a subprocess .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  visualise each rank with a color inside a kbengine color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  provides   aggregate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the passed in is a updateable python executable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  open the database using the shelve api .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns a list of modified time made .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if a string is a valid format .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is executable .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a prefix is no name found .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  return   check
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  if   hook
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an instance of a traceback from a passed in a given model .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  validate the status for a connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  file   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the filename of the sgi functions that are currently out of the datastore .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation scalar .
truth: prints a . 
test:  latex   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process and all its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kills   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts a decorator to a @no_type_check image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce a join between two images .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate yes versions of yes in current server .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the package name for a given file .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects a hook from the api json dump .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  object   hook
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid of the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  if   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  read from a file to store the given file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   in
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator that skips a method on a method and optionally skip the method is greater than the test .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  make   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  load users auth file from a file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get a qos_specs qos_specs from systemd .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  always return root node .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   function
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  if   function
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a list of steps .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   step
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the xblock responsible for the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  decorate a function to be called when an interval is raised .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows a server_name string as a _version .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  null   part

test:  find and return a list of random tests in reverse order .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  used   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify the correct specifications .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  checks if a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  returns a query object based on the specified query .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  doctest   query
truth:  query   query

test:  returns the roads points for a given road .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  js   null
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrades a sequence of mixin chars with the escaped etag of a header .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   run
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   url
truth:  test   test

test:  installs all python class configured for the package .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  calls   try
truth:  find   find

test:  list of tuples .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  prints   statistics
truth:  print   print

test:  clears internal uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads all sample images from the given python path .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  checks   get
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary crossentropy between the output of the target and output .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  output   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieves the deprecated checks .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  define   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a numpy ndarray to the absolute difference between 0 and np .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  helper to format a number of zero patterns for a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns the complex accuracy of a file .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   long
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie handler for l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   set
truth:  pause   pause

test:  returns the complex part of the expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  =   =

test:  square-free sturm sequence of polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  expands xml string to an open fragment .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a // b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a reactor on the minion cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a local file .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  make a figure for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  returns the context for a configuration value .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set some security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  set   set

test:  create a new servicegroup cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a context manager that changes the jinja line .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi application in an wsgi wsgi application .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  start   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get a group types by group type .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  return the currently active ttl instance currently being executed .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a web page .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   example
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  tests parsing of a function: function: mkl the mkl implementation for alternative values .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the ip address to a string .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  populate   run
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of files that can be searched from the given of files .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object into an instance of debug dictionary .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  replace   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  get a matrix with the given domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  null   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the test backend do not include the test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  create a command line from the current machine .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  called   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration and corrects registrations registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  like *advanced but returns a generator that yields comments .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a control is available .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  registers   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns vmlinux vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  helper function for delivery xenapi plugin .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   filter
truth:  name   name

test:  transform a single action into a one-hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri in default mri folder .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   scan
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get the bevel we are in the bevel .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  return   python
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for :func:sqf operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  select   delete
truth:  write   null

test:  converts string into a dictionary of numbers .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  iterates   build
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to exempt from the x-frame-options http header set to exempt .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to ensure that an event is sane when a method is created .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  uses pexpect .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   get
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class subclass for a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  name   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a pyc object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  read   read

test:  perform a search search search on a given expression .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  return   null
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a dict of attributes .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  manager for log output and requests/responses errors .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  makes   errors
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a qutebrowser qutebrowser request to the given module .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates an index operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  add   status
truth:  null   null

test:  projects an xmodule package that is not supplied .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify a mime-type in a given image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy cache or none to the cache dictionary .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   operation
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete the port port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 for the given parameters .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  handles   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  initialize custom curve for all curve .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpacks constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts cdao to a native python object .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of model instances .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of valid python information for the given expression .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and a line t1 line through angle t1 and angle t1 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch the given id and saving the given pid into the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  null   try
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original form .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es kwargs for given dict with passed key .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  determine   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this function encodes an extension to the url for a given av .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if a new snippet snippet for a given step snippet .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if module cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   import
truth:  module   module

test:  set user address as well .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   equivalent
truth:  create   a

test:  feature finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  generates a set of samples for a set of samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a link to the thread-local polynomials for a given model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  decorator that checks if the current desktop password is in the desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a document in a session document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  returns   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  extracts description of a particular description .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  using   null

test:  helper decorator that instantiates a function after a function after a wrapped attribute .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets a double expression with somewhat .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  get   a

test:  builds a test suite from a unittest .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the string from the stdout encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the complex with each component the first half of the first half of the first half of the first half .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove keys .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the given instance is a google report .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the path output to the path indexes .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  multiplies row with beta decomposition .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   none
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  writes the incron file to disk cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  if the file has been read .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  log request headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text in text to a file in filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize the sab table .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates the correct number of args for a set of args .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  throws   null

test:  generate a deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ipv6 addresses of an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the token is a initialized test .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print text to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  null   text
truth:  print   print

test:  generate the django associated with the given config .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that returns error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  obtain   error
truth:  view   view

test:  return a mask for a unless quotes is a float .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  gets   method
truth:  if   null

test:  create a default decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait until the category of the default requirejs has been marked as a dependency .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  query   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compute gaussian structure with gaussian structure .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   loss
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the user is made with a particular submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   datetimes
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context for the specified context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  s   a
truth:  set   set

test:  attempt to execute a new db .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  map   map

test:  read the certificate in the given x .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  compute   domain
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  save a session to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage in a system as a unicode string .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate the search error -- search of http scheme .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create a stream from a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  function   networks
truth:  print   print

test:  option file .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if we can mock mock ssl tests .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper for the given elementtree element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook notebook from the file with the given resources .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the system .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  sets   k8s
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer quad quad string .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  rebuild entry point for incoming markers .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates scale learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in a benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  print   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper function that raises an exception when no lock is not found .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scale a gcode linear move file or gcode text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so it can be used as a normalized string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  escape   escape

test:  set a scroll in the form of a widget .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  set   upgrades
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  apply the template templates from the given template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print the output of the nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around cause .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  start the main function .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  null   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  adjust all pattern within the pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calculate the simultaneous log-likelihood for the given problem .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   nth
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the default nthhost value .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as posix .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of files in the file object to allow creating a post to be removed from the storage file to send the storage file to the storage .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  joins a path with the same name .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that custom inverse has been correctly applied when multiple inverse of the inverse applied .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a file .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a lists of sql attributes and a composite header string .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been downloaded .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new rank with data from a given array .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  create   updates
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  helper function for standardizing function} function} reshape in a new tuple of nocopy .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a route regex that matches the given regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  if   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  try to extract the versions from the version repository .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   package
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns a checkpoint directory for the given experiment experiment directory path for the experiment model checkpointdir: .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator that redirect a view into a "mobile" .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates the heap sequence from a sequence of lists .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create a integrals file from a header in the same way as closed .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  get   get

test:  flattens the input into a single tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a channel or channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   logarithmic
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  split   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  computes   kernel
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches a string so it can safely match the given pattern .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  return   a

test:  extract a month number from a month number of month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  returns   strip
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns a declarative base class for the declarative base name .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the api milestones for a given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random matrix-vector multiplication .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  scroll   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse an rfc822 .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent all the text of a certain number of text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  does   indentation
truth:  given   indent

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds expansion in seq_possibilities from several sorted sequence in which are not in descending greater than seq is less than dist of the sequence in adblock .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  given   state
truth:  finds   null

test:  page: page: displays a list of updates updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   event
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip tests .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current float float .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime pcap message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  return   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find a user id and return the current uid .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down a request and fires an event on a separate request .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  send   photo
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  parameters lookup .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  null   in
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator to give to sort caching .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  return   test
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an instance of the specified global secondary index .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the verisure sensor platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates a checksum checksum for 2 given range [0 .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  use   cycle
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for the filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return a mock for tests that the given nonexistent path .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an centroid of a tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  boolean   runs
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default standard encoding or a python encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  return   file
truth:  file   file

test:  converts value that may be either a default low low or a default value .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  if   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable enhanced monitoring monitoring monitoring .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  type delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the day of the given day and represent it .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the xml element by begin and delete .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all fields of the given cnt .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   list
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  find the users home directory if appropriate .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  source   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of possible bits .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  an exception handler for a script which uses the gregorian view for the gregorian exception .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a module from a filesystem .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  collects all root tree in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about a given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a strategy for client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string using double quotes .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a string using the first .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves single flags for a given name .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a _creation_order string from a configuration message .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop a specific version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic step ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   dictionaries
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last login date .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   update
truth:  to   null

test:  handler for imageidfield .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  handle   custom
truth:  color   channels

test:  try to find updated with given python module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the datastore is in use .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the specified port is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   null
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate multiple choice ids within a dictionary .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function prepare the segments list in the mailchimp list in the segments given by a user to have the respective number of objects as ltr than the mailchimp to
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a batch of targets for the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from the specified directory .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a function to vxlan all vxlan in an vxlan .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is valid .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   fs
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the last bit of a file .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test equivalence of support_enumeration .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   in
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a function prototype .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns string unicode characters .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  return iterator of python objects for object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a 2samples chart using the specified 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  check   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the formatted question if it isnt already .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine decodeerror file system arguments for interpolation .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  reset   returns
truth:  create   create

test:  generator to imsave .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a client object that exists on the autoconfig and the autoconfig .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  start a copy of the static file paths and creates a scheduled folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a type for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id from network network_id cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the html with a given word .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the directory to use for the currently installed python modules .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type name for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a thing type given its properties .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert an iso8601 key from a previous app app id .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  if data_start is not none .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given maximum of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a virtual interface from the instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   arp_cache
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify calling fix calling calling methods on not verify forbids calling uuid .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  following   following

test:  given a stream that will be yaml .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the reserved to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the default outgoing setting for a given string cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  ensure that the user is logged in .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verifies that source and b are equal .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the elementwise directory of a given file .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  null   null

test:  escape a dn for an xml file as a dictionary .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   versions

test:  this slot uses the grains method .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add the given prefix to the appropriate string .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to convert a dictionary of minutes formats to a unix timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   batches
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the corpus of the least squares .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the qapplication qapplication to use when importing a qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  execute a bash shell command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric assortativity matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   integer
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate in the certificate file cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  stops the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  checks that the value of sets sets for any of the given number of sets in the references if there are any negative value returns the path was not negative
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a json id for a module .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator for functions that should be logged on a handler .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from a question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  if   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  setup a image of each row in the specified data .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary file .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base name of a fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   check

test:  use this to wrap a string to each string in the input string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  look for the minion group and ref in the minion .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate weekly weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   update

test:  normal part of the parametric parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw byte string into a long blob .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  remove sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns an http client string .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  returns   master
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   path
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a list of sentences into a single page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token appears to be a invalid token .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  read information from a package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   null
truth:  get   get

test:  imports and returns a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds an existing suggestion with a suggestion to the alternate settings .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  adding   tests
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  returns   images
truth:  null   null

test:  saves the model to the new model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   converts
truth:  save   a

test:  returns correct string of fund sld was performed in the domainname domainname dns .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   append
truth:  create   a

test:  get configured capabilities over http response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  parse   request
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks that the given version is a valid version string or a valid version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   message
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  retrieves the parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the virtual server table for the minion cli example: .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  compute a block from a arrs table by inserting them into a arrs matrix parameters arr : array-like the number of matrices see also be the block of each data
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  algorithm   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading spm artemis123 files .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the test sdk in the gae test .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  text   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   scaling
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print a setting message .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   get
truth:  function   function

test:  compute a generalized nnls or b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  removes   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get all submodules of a specific module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  monitor service hosts .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  test whether a given expression is a type of a normal expression .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches all the elementwise facts from the specified facts file cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  if   iokit_registry
truth:  run   facter

test:  converts a number to a string of vat it in the range of digits .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download a resource from an http server .
truth: download a file . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot of a snapshot and take it .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for generic define a "compute" method for generic set of elemwise .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  like   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with huge .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int int int int int int int int to dotted quad int .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a sparse tensor to a sparse tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test symlognorm rewrite of taste .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  squeeze an nxn tensor to a different shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  displays   read
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  tests that the inverse of the mapping of css statistics .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  if   page
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate edges in a minimum spanning spanning forest of an undirected graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator to ignore first and ignore in a deprecation thread .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  renders   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  from a google gcd of gcd and a gcd .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the tile of x in x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  creates   a

test:  register a search function as an internal python function .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   current
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a flat list of hash .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity by a person entity defines a new cookie .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  harami pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  takes a file and converts it to corresponding to the file format for .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  creates   email
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check a command line for properly files .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a larger file into a python data structure .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   response
truth:  behave   behave

test:  on a yaml file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  function   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the line graph for each digraph in g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   graph
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a warning to a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return the writable of all sales entries .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a process with a given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   names
truth:  kill   kill

test:  given a local name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create a vm record in the vm .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   configuration
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the slc contents of a set of twisted .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive chunks from list with n .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   split
truth:  list   list

test:  like iter_fiels but can be passed to yaml in a single vertical function .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  create   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for computing viewport .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the unicode name of a string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate bearing given a heading .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   bearing

test:  do some basic properties of the original visit .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  fetch   users
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode object .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  encode   in

test:  checks if the current language would be rewritten .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  adds   path
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the ansible module if the extension is .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  enforce   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope object .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields of the given list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a numeric state string .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   null
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  generates a dictionary of normalized values for the given session .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  normalize   handle
truth:  make   null

test:  find elements in seq .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert a scipy array to a array of array or float values .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  a decorator that _row _row .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return projection hi .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of the given file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set up a module if it is installed .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  config   link
truth:  check   check

test:  this method gets a receipt receipt for the reissue .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  uploads   exit
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates a bit property or a bit check .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  function   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  look up the function in the system .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  writes samples in file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  to   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that ensures that a method is used in the view that should be routed .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  null   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  returns a function that can be used as the option field from the given text field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   print
truth:  like   like

test:  look for a linux system and merge information on them .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  normalize the input type matches the given chart .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the given wcsconfig .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  set traffic server configuration file as possible version .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message to stderr .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  stub   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  when a existing response was created .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  send   send

test:  read a pcap file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   function
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a user client authenticated with the specified user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the contents of the trees in the given file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information about an rds group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing a file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "agg+" - "agg+" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  sets a windows code to a file as a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   replace
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the reparse file path for the specified file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  return   read
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorator to make a single function call seconds .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  converts utf-8 unicode string to utf-8 unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the string s where substring sub is found in the string .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  null   s
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a body of a certain template .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  rows   transforms
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the dns url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  sends   method
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return the instructions for the given instructions .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  dynamically start mapper .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ah ah .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that pauses authentication response through the status of a http response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   request
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns the green expression value .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the next version number from the given version string .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab autocommit .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a previous path from the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns a geometry value .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  generates   routines
truth:  null   functions

test:  utility function to get a single animated list of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  select   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return needed of inputs of inputs and d2 are same .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   in

test:  like float but can be considered within a sentence .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip ansi sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  test whether g is a simple undirected bcc .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   directed
truth:  return   return

test:  find in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements in chimeraslayer format .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  iterator   lines
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  replaces   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks whether the alphabet given in compatible .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random source files .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieves all filter in the cluster that matches the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  include   include

test:  return the error message from a installed one .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  error   approximation
truth:  error   error

test:  get a docstring from the values of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  get   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  returns a list of pci requests from the flavor table .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new babysitter .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a sortoptions to a searchparams query .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass defaults that are buttons to reuse .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  force   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  enable   skeleton
truth:  context   manager

test:  conditionally sum of a function with sum of integers .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if were bsd is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  opens a single port in a set of no file for each longopt .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  open   links
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a string representation of an object as a buttons .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return the contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the href href from data .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of the output file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   set
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  add two values to x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  al the dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  download   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that the threading limit are created correctly .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a module given a dotted path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  null   django

test:  test sets up setup smtp smtp request .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   loop
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of columns in the passed column .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  function   table
truth:  format   items

test:  returns a wrapped version of the dao function .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  specificity where the _repr_pretty_ of the input image .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if fits file is fits in pre-steps .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  construct a polynomial of the chinese function of a polynomial ring .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  require a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  redirect to two dictionaries .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  create   aggregate
truth:  null   null

test:  create a set of communities sizes of community sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  same as q but decodes an object into a string .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a query based on a dict of parameters .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  instantiate   search
truth:  use   database

test:  reset an index from a piece of python keys .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a dictionary of attributes of user ids as a dictionary with labels and value from relevant action .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  walk the grr test via refactoringtool and searchs .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  this is used to manage the ccx api requests .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the data to the postgres server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  to   fetch
truth:  write   null

test:  view to registered user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  view   view

test:  removes the file reference from the specified by the file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  output   output

test:  force the boolean indicating whether or not a given value is a valid python code .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given element to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a web call to a resource on a test suite .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the total cost of a trainable operator .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with the moving shape .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch an archive from a file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  retrieve   data
truth:  download   download

test:  get the true value for the unix databases in the given object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  if   check

test:  build a multi-dim for a given git api .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  use   support
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input string from the model--specifically of a receives instance .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test spans override from existing spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  add a client to the batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  add   a

test:  this function will build out timings and stores them in the time .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   entities
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dictionary of parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return the pip free function on a partial function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  func   func

test:  parse a content-range configuration file and register paths as a dictionary of paths .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  if a model is a mutable model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  read   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root root for each project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  point   function
truth:  create   a

test:  find a binom binned data listening listening listening to a certain binary sensor .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  plot   generate
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or more files that displays the svd .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines whether the given name is a trailing reserved with the given name .
truth: for example . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  concatenates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating that the release was deprecated in the version as a string .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  separate linear unit .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   note

test:  converts the camelcase string to a snakecase integer .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   camel
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  some requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call the given serially and save its status .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  function   call
truth:  list   list

test:  unpack unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess an interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   find
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the generalized harmonic quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  returns   univariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert data into a dask .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  import   equivalent
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  search queries .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   size
truth:  returns   a

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the alerts in the database .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  cancels   i
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile plugin .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics from aws .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast fastq to truncate conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  unsigned unsigned encryption attribute .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gives all the depend dependencies of the given dependency .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by end .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the indices in the shape of the given vector .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  get an event node from the *name* config file .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a new people zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a path to a users storage path .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  to   function

test:  retrieve a connection to the python grain directory .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a list of next ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wraps the login form in salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the entire text of a gcode file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get an appropriate releases for a musicbrainz track .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  release   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   init
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing instance .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   one

test:  default implementation of the test applications that describes the required one .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator of test for a given directory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  walk   list
truth:  yield   path

test:  parse a test file and save results to the os-specific module .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a link to a course .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  checks if the given locale should be displayed as a boolean value .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  resets the technique used by the technique specified by technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   print
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  strips a string for a number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  fancy on the python interpreter .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the 1-norm of a matrix exponential function .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert none to none .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   check
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the hash used in the current git .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  prints out the condition args for a given jid .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  input   unicode
truth:  return   a

test:  extract dhcp configuration from dhcp querystring string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signed message dictionary .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  convert the entire gridsize .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  compute   path
truth:  return   return

test:  try to get task output description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple of the os version .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if file is a bad valid python file object .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   check
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp options lookup by vpc id lookup lookup .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create the verifier to use when creating a key class .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  override the default implementation for the tests .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   python
truth:  package   package

test:  populate a table .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa the given template with %} .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   print
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture that returns a temporary dataset as such as temporary .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a decorator for regression of range(n) .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list all active mounts on this system .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get a mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  determine current search for a given project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  index   a
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  translates an identity key by name .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a json object of actions that yields the given scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc convert a string to bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  balance an object to the parent handler for a certain number of seconds .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage usage for a given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays stderr in a context .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  inverts   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template to a specified folders .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project as a file for the given long_url .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  button the motion reader for a given source .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  accept   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return the path of the directory .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new cache key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that performs a given message from a given template name .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  given   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if a google cloud storage is aws zone .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file in the given directory .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the syndrome vector of n items in parity .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   key
truth:  return   return

test:  create an tags for a file .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   new

test:  if a message has a access message .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a health record .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the content type to the context for use in a response .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  content   headers
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a resource action on a resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x intersections for intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  set installation on an image .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to set an topicsread user .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given test .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  proxy to proxy for calling an port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  context   return
truth:  starts   null

test:  translates a exception into an eliot way .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a python source file and return a module .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  read   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  set the level level to download for the given request level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  set   standard
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given a name like foo .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  using flemings .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require english test .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns discrete representation of a single trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get movie movie handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b handles -s suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends a load to a course .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  send   send
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns none if the user is a valid user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test for models against linear graph with linear linear regression .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute an md5 digest of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert the number into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  take units in the format of units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  take a path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  give   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator to mark functions as replication function automatically pass to the replication function .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  test that the http object matches the given response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  perform a = get_object_list modulo o .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  use   use

test:  delete all required steps whose exceptions are running .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a source object and returns a compilationresult instance .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports the galaxy client for the specified object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   new
truth:  import   a

test:  replaces djangos original form with the namespace and ctypes .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the main entry point for the indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  sample   index
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a new panel panel for each worker .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   encodes
truth:  add   column

test:  transform to a string so it can be effectively into a slugify slugify .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  prepend   a

test:  parses a mul .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image is less than the edge .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  text   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns as a unicode string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing a time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect if the node is an alias of the node being used .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  module   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  preprocess a value in a square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  harami pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  check that the supplied argument is a classic task name .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of messages of its archive .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  inclusion a table of daily slots for safe .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the pillar system on all the version of the pillar driver cli example: .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  executes   tests
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the systems system .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  returns the psea representation of a sparse group .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  return   sequence
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decodes a jpeg string into a jpeg file .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   version
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   sync
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the list of all languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the request is up to call this endpoint .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for the process to become assertion .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  if   waits
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove a ccx from a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  content   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports and returns a message .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  module   load
truth:  to   try

test:  asserts that value is a valid categorical dictionary .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry if the call until the function call come until the call come come come started .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  put   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   information

test:  do some necessary and/or remote syntax .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  determine if a named service is available cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  runs   running
truth:  return   a

test:  return what services are available but not enabled to start at boot .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal function to return a list of files that can be used as a single rarfile .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  tells   import
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check if the first entry is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merges the left and arrange into a sorted list .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a theme of theme .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code tarball at the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  start   install
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name path .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is leading by a leading calling code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper function to return the offset values .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  offset   offset

test:  get the url for a github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap table definition by the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  close an entry .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   tool
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error between the given variables .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sparkline
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper method to check all matches in given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the percentage of the degrees color .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a managed service .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  marks up a function as being run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test if a figure is already installed creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a package if it is not a /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/ .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  called   attempt
truth:  close   close

test:  get the line after the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts that initalize and close are equal .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  compare   delete
truth:  check   check

test:  check that dist extractors is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  check   use
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  given   up
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   start

test:  ensures that the existence of a remote host is made to the given closing .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that when a file is created correctly .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  converts expr in mixed str/repr form .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  function   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a string using the dictionary and write base64 .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a new plot for an alloc x .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for calling kinds items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test case and set it to the scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a list of tuples of numbers .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a color tuple of the graph g .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable the jquery page on the output of the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  verify that an ip address matches the given ip address .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  here breakpoint .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files changed for the given blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   nova
truth:  disable   null

test:  checks for each of the system languages in a list of languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  set   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get an httpresponse over the given url .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   a
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing a string using a pytest ratios ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns the initialization code by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a given regexp file with optional comments .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash to no crash is true .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  time   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load all collectors in an scanning thread .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all of the node of a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  pass me an object as html .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   sql
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font vector3 path .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  this method is called when a vlan is complete .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   up
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all the denormalize state .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  remove   print
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build an argumentparser from the user .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper function that determines a unicode color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   numeric

test:  add a bunch of the value of a ifttt lookup .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns stock formatted dict .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  initiate   database
truth:  null   null

test:  update the number of seconds in the database .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  performs a compiler tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression le argument_expression_list argument_expression_list equality_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  check the specified package name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  traverse   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable output of stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   print
truth:  enable   console

test:  get the gif api key for the old old .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  a pem for testing .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  returns   length
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert a string or bytes to bytes .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a users relationship between two sources .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   people
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the lower bound bound .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   output
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a join of variables .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  populate   case
truth:  join   join

test:  themed formstyle for a form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  text   a
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  numpy version of transforms .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  error   null
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore specific code for each code in options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  if   check

test:  executes command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  execute   null

test:  main section of the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  null   install
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses an html string from a <findbugs+plugin> file .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the distance between x and y .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs pending scheduler and usually as a boolean status .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image and rois within that image into network inputs .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   compute
truth:  project   image

test:  return the current host is a ldap url .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the part of this linux /etc/shadow .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  install   import
truth:  return   a

test:  try to install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  create an adapter certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  if   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates a new user .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  null   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string of nanoseconds acceptable into a byte string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  connect a set of evoked data to a given topo .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for cinder docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  mathbb{z}_p[x] api calls .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   return

test:  since decreasing is active .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  get the ascii rate for a main function .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of user properties .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  prefixes   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a 3d intersection of preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   difference
truth:  compute   compute

test:  given a character .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  initialize   parse
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a timestamp to a json json timestamp .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure no config file is changed .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  an unpickled at a json result .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  generate a random lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  lock   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a string of decoder to a single channel .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  string   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  convert an unicode string to a sequence of bytes .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is a independent independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports a class by its name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  formats a list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  computes a random jitter of xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  decides   count
truth:  generates   data

test:  replace html entities in a string .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the double value of the keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if a select appears to be initialized with uniform .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color from the passed table .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the previous review reviews for all pairs in the shown .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc time string to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   time
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  given an image url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add a new http request .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a fixed ips from the values dictionary .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a field onto a deserialization room .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns the expected dict for the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this endpoint as an etag_func() .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  function   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports on a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  receive python related to be a request to response .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  makes   handler
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  return   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  returns true if url refers to the url of the url of the url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  prepare a loss from a scheduled step by a distance .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  use   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   session

test:  check that the indices in the docstring can be consistent as a lets number of comprised .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  make   content
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a list containing the old keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  return   create
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns tuple of calendar and height for this file .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for tests that you can actually include a module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  function   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  instance_id pings and return full time unification .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  make   start
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of the users that are not currently supported .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves an element or more ip address and stores them in a given string .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  null   product
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a string field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return the .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  null   null

test:  log a dictionary of baseline information to baseline changes in debugging .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   socket
truth:  log   log

test:  verify that a path is a 2d tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  reverses   axes
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  compute reconstruction where the zero at the pixel line is zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   conversion
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   keys
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt the given data using the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  unicode   encoding
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates a static file in the given files .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  check   a
truth:  create   create

test:  expect the absolute test of two paths .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  some basic document in a given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  inspect female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set dns source to debconf .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   try
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  list   -
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the json representation of a job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a single weighted graph on the given template .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  method to unquote a dictionary of keys in the database .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a wsgi window registry for the given window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   window
truth:  get   get

test:  run the test only when the test as the test case .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check that the transform example: replaces the right degree value .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a value is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr stats for the residual set .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   null

test:  a compiler entry point for the given insert .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the zipline root directory as a zipline .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary of metadata definitions in a given fo .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   text
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc formatting from the given string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  submit submit with given roles .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  set   register
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   null

test:  resolves a resolves resolves attachment to real mobile properties .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  like update but when the manifest manifest has been modified .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  review   a
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event on a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  *individual* -> random nucleotide node name .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  random_product   command
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the opts dict for the passed vm .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file is w/ an installation one .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a formatted string of the user-agent .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the given list of lists of length n .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number of interval based on the scaled config .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  fixture   prompt
truth:  require   a

test:  returns df: stream-like as a convenience function .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sampling   a
truth:  sample   rss

test:  tests that the suggestion simplify a suggestion matches the unit .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new attribute of lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded from convex loops and grid top .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pillar

test:  return true if the address is throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a value to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an checkout .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the current blocks of a partition .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  called   power
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   workaround
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  check if the required support is anime for anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  takes   check
truth:  if   check

test:  fixes up an instance of credentials from a configuration file .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an extra string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   function
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a menu and capitalize menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a stack exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  endpoint for unpickling .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  show   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks of tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   task
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypt   plaintext
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  retrieve the base url for a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified 'brshow' should be considered .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  check that something expressed in *icrs* as expected .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given name .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks the field argument is a valid type .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute a training using regression darknesses -> (f*f**p* .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a format string of the format name .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  find the python source file this returns a dictionary of reloads reloads instance to find the random file file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in parsing statements below come out of parsing below one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate a temporary temporary file that is not a temporary file and applies it .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  put complete request with complete segment .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to test is smaller than the one of the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a valid string .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  patch patches .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  install   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  attempt to convert data into invalid variables for each keyword .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer for the specified file obj .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the current default version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into the cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  inserts   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if text is a block level .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a chunk .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns the unicode object for the given a_2 .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  define   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  extracts the result of a given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate over coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  prints an help options for command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  prints   log
truth:  help   help

test:  decorator that converts a view in the response into a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  reset   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a new cookiejar for a given cookie .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a new asyncio loop in the asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  colorize mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  check   check

test:  repack non-standard options and values to a dictionary .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  user to log when a user has completed an existing user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  signal   changes
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse all the possible image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the sanity check in the 0x00004000 .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  provides   information
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an identity page .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   requests
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row of a row dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of boot options from a dictionary of data .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  traverses   null
truth:  get   current

test:  return iterator over an array .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   pair
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the path to the sql name in the given path .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bounds a specific configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  return   config
truth:  check   check

test:  create a choosing application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  return   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  determine the count of the last line number .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over all the progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all defined ips .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score for each element of the given data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  converts   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  put   put

test:  clean up the assets database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  get the function for the running daemontools .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make sure no two adding a new order .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if object is a pair of instance .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests that the user can be correct .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   wether
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default list of dependencies of dependencies .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points of css points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  computes   titles
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a module list for the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  internal method to create a virtual leaf for use in configuring .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in a dict .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  takes   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the wunderground sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generates the first entries record for a :term:view :term:view .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares some gflags key for printing the key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test reading the docs from the docs tab -> their open tab .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  file   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  null   traceback
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the stats of a bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  required   power
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  check if a stream is a valid format for being a valid format string .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  lookup a unique converter for the specified entity id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the python process fails .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   end
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length for each model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get descendant variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  display the decide from the specified openid .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  view   display
truth:  render   a

test:  get the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a buffer frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create a project for a given project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 base dir for a given data directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters out unwanted items from the list of api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages of the message .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   updates
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   dictionary
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  return servers list for smtp connections list for containers .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify that the new-style attribute of a class is called .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  this sets up a subtask in the resets form and creates a new mobile mobile config file for each fields in the supplied family .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all queues in the specified prefix .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  we receive a function to force a shutdown error .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   python
truth:  stop   stop

test:  get a list of columns based on the possible clause .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  return a url for a wiki wiki url .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the log transform from the passed table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  gets   part
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  generate pip wheel from pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  specified   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that uses s3rl_pdf s3rl_pdf with a simple pdf .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  test   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a set of scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a project is available and inspecting inspecting .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about a vms and all its vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the plural of a adjective with the specified lower w .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the wigner cover of two wigner in invaliddataerror or 1 .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator for views that checks if the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the fact boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the comment model instance .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the coverage tree corresponding to the coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a http request from the passed request and return it .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  return   precision
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  removes   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ignore users not this user .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  get the dot product of an input viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  list   bivariate
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx distance between a and w .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   confidence
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first socket on the interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  calculate the default norm of the specified axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  splits   filter
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  dataframe   new
truth:  null   parameters

test:  always return the metric module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the model has multiple primary primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks up the vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  function   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary of name .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  checks whether two values are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  ask the user to select the request .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the list of player sizes for a single record .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restores a dictionary of makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  convert ec_key domain .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the supplied etag is set in explicit .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  get   find
truth:  test   test

test:  make a string encoded with a given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   string
truth:  make   null

test:  skip a django request to have a django .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   level

test:  get a timezone .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form fields into model instance instance name .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  helper decorator for setting values of a method .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sine version of a sound of a bilinear convert a sound to a loaded format .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  scaling   product
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  takes a multi-line string and returns a httpresponse of html tags .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   html
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  iscsi wrapper method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  install   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the users preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the received dict of tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   return

test:  notifies a registered error .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning a free group returning a free group returning a free group returning a free group .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  displays the template tag for this block .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a node into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   directory
truth:  insert   insert

test:  start a problem for a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if objects should be nearer .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition for a passed com this is similar to the class .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  imports and returns a python file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the path to the template directory .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  determines the number of a user to send to the secrets for the specified number .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a read read starcluster families .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  matrix a two pixels examples .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator for memoizing parse a function .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generates a list of default string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  constructs   custom
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a module to pickle module name .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  null   call
truth:  function   function

test:  check heterogeneous rule .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the rate at the given start of a given rate .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  maps properties to the passed value in property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user for the named user .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return an compiled bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize model by taking a model on an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the s metadata defined by the english english .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  advection advection to rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   app
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary of one windows version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  include the json-encoded contents of the provided formatted string in the path .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  legal legal .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email using all es .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return true if level is a hexadecimal string .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  set   replacement
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the roots of memmap decomposition of memmap .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  assign   hook
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  calculate parameters of distribution function for binned data parameters distfn : distribution instance of parameters including : array_like the parameters of the parameters or array_like sequence of each distinct :
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  displays the settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   settings
truth:  view   view

test:  return the intersection of x and y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev structure .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path as a string .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  set   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris image of a mapping .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a file size and returns a human-readable string .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote bazaar repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  coerce a string to a binary string if it isnt already a python string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  s   check
truth:  append   append

test:  returns a tuple containing stock stock based on stock stock .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set true if quota variables are true .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes an http dict of response data and converts it to a response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   view
truth:  convert   convert

test:  perform a list of numbers < 1 .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   import
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text produce a text for promotion .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple filter to get the filter part of a partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a list of usernames based on the user and creates the list of users settings .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  display a message result .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve resources in the given server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all items of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check that a tuple doesnt make sense .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   a
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity specificity with binary binary binary layout .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort a string according to url .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  sort   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  inverse of positional .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  check   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks the python source is a valid python version .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  unpacks   unpack
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  returns options used for the carbon returner .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the english articles from the text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate all the empty directories under base_dir needed to generate a directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calls the given column constraints in that column returns a boolean value .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether proxy is being monitored by proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a new service object .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  add   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  display   a
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the support config file using the api .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   options
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie header string .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures that the user is present in values of data .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  make   check
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an interface from the named service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   tests
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses the resource from a collection .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find vm diagnostics .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display a list of all review requests belonging to a particular review .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  generates a list of command-line arguments for later .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called at the end .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  used   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a generator with the appropriate javascript code from the content of of content .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  clear   uses
truth:  writes   null

test:  handles an email address unless it is not already a message .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the specified successful upgrade is the facebook .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  match   match

test:  look up serializer for classes that are unique .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  given   class
truth:  null   decorator

test:  processes a model object .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  list   null
truth:  show   show

test:  associate an api with one user .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active state of a stable state .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given a dictionary of data .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator to make a single "foo" api calls .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model passed in is supported by the linear module is supported and that is supported on the linear .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  exactly the stroke point in a list .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the registry to the queue .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  called   teardown
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  allow a new tag for a fixed-size .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  helper function to fail the pylint on a given spectra .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  if   function
truth:  null   null

test:  sets google search .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  to   new
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a users picture with a single user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   approximation
truth:  select   elements

test:  a view that returns a list of node resolution for a given project .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  null   exists
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to a string of bytes .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  tests that the changed languages between the two dicts stored .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  are   null
truth:  null   languages

test:  read a tuple of lists into a tuple .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  checks if a task hooks exists and returns true if a task hooks is run .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of text .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   version
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  null   null

test:  return a default locale name .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dictionary .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   transforms
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip an adapter method in a reconstructor api .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown libraries to all the libraries files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop log stats for logging .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  null   views
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to the prefix command .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  command   command

test:  check that append just a subdomain of python 3 voronoi .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  handle   enable
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string corresponding to the group name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   null

test:  take a list of topics and get its input ids .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if we get sent to bad bad settings .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   a
truth:  null   tm

test:  return a pickled different string .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  to   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the ip adapter name or network adapter if one is found .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a trace from a dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  creates   converts
truth:  trace   trace

test:  tests that no rules will always take a few folder .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   source
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert python object into its boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  return   a

test:  given a new unique quay function .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  return   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  display information about lvm database cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  try to convert a string to a tokentype tokentype .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get unique ft_library error .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load the score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  check   a
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new feed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  look for the system paths in the given directory .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  default view as a string with a given dictionary as a rendered template .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return a list of ssl ssl functions that are ssl .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  returns   none
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the credentials is admin .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default graph for a given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a private key function .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  items by type .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified canvas and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  to   null

test:  find all the gating milestones for a given user .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id semi .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a shell element using flavor insert .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  access   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  save params to the provided rc .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  start the browser application .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch in a review branch .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  diff   diff

test:  converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable mask .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment variables for this process .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy function for creating a cycle .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  null   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  switch to the 3rd .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  email   insert
truth:  add   add

test:  finds the cpu affinity for the process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  if   digital
truth:  function   function

test:  do the actual array of any items of the input array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given number of steps into a specified io .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that a snapshot is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   words
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the status of a switching error .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  function   a
truth:  value   value

test:  calculate the transformed points for given tile .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  computes   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  calculates   null

test:  filters out the specified unit changes .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ?library_id=<default the tablename and sqlalchemy tables for all tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   minimum

test:  launches a new entry into a new entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse an integer from a token or a human readable integer .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the list of items before the given option was called .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sanity check for quoting special characters .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   null
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two sequenceexample sequenceexample image to a sequenceexample sequence .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  function   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   object
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup the binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access for given flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorator which adds thread to the thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  stub   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  attempt to determine the default cache for the command .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a string of si in bytes .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  display   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find the rect value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  read   item
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get the scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri into a dict .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  we can avoid properties for the given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   attribute
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a unix ticks .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the s3cache binary .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit used in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare up the system and attach it to the system .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  insert   in
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes kwargs['resource ip address .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the named container can be attached to via the container .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add linear operators to a generator of serial serial .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  convert   bit
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  dialog dialog dialog with the user from the remote server .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  displaying   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string in format from a string into a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   status
truth:  return   status

test:  gets the windows inheritance from the passed object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  send a json representation of a student to a given course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate potentially file .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  is   try
truth:  context   manager

test:  resolves a binary definition to a fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  use   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given the matrices of the matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  null   *

test:  check if file is infodef .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   current

test:  copies a piece of files from a buffer to a given action .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copy   source
truth:  null   a

test:  view to render your ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   endpoint
truth:  render   render

test:  remove generated from a job .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  reset   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into either a dict of http headers or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the instance of the instance instances .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  check   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the bfs tree in the graph .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string to a string if it is not already one .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  waits for the reactor to be available as part of date .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   a

test:  lists the port for a named port name cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   a

test:  validates the integer values of a validates scale .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the results in various conf .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  use this to test vils .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   equality
truth:  null   truth

test:  notifies the current line for buildenv after a script is just a certain line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  move   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a student formatted string from the given student and instantiate the given student .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of enrollments that the given user is currently enrollments .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current loop of a loop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  checks   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test installing from a git url with a different site .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  null   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only the channels in the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   builder
truth:  pick   channels

test:  returns a handle of indentation .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a new palette palette that encodes a alembic palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from a matplotlib palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency as default .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a policy call .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the oauth token information from a given http body .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a stable url for a stable one .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   lock
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a http response string into a list of redirect instances .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new empty shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   pick
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the given data string as a unicode string .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   a

test:  remove a tap tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  open a image file as a protocol .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  load   images

test:  prints all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  columns that are a string with streams of the expected module .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  is   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a repository mirror so that the repository is automatically generated by gitosis .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  read   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  makes a link to the identity api url .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ajax view to support connection backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  check   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  initialize   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  try to figure out the path of a config file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  detects   returns
truth:  get   nginx

test:  track the rfxtrx instance .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of the registry that are networkx .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  set   set

test:  return the file in the lowstate file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  get   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the pkgutil .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  function   line
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  process the output of persistently based on python 3 options .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  given   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the given course has access to the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  given   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return doctest doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  test if the container exists on the container .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if there are any duplicate duplicate for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the prior corresponding to a prior given number of sources .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns all pages in the template context .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a task object .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers a vcs handler handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   override
truth:  to   decorator

test:  prepare out an existing conda environment .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  accepts   craft
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitize a possible extension name in the given name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert datetime object to timestamp in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  if   function
truth:  given   day

test:  test read epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into a dictionary .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate a random string of the values passed to it .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new datacenter with the specified instance and instance .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove duplicate tags .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  strip   tests
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage class as a property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  point   a
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an :class: .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for the script extension .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  point   display
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that checks the specified message-id .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders a formstyle for a given foundation .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates new versions of expgenerator .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads an object to a file .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf of a set of functions that represent the given function protected .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  recursive   function
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for image .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is for more throughput .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix containing a 2-d matrix by degrees of degrees .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dictionary to a dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  count the value of a variable using the given string s .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  null   width
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a dictionary of data .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  returns the blended transform on a :math:f(x)=max :math:f(x)=max .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  compose   input
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent name the name of the postgresql template to remove .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads image shape .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  null   return
truth:  handle   handle

test:  determine if the string is a hex or ftp .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a given backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   links
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service on a remote host in a vcenter .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  returns a new id containing the given id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the admin list list of editable view matches the admin site and check if the admin is invalid .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda amount of cuda updates .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  calls   set
truth:  used   function

test:  like djangos page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a function that can be used to gather for a particular path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given sequence is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a ctypes search string .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  find   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to track state changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim events from prime .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  null   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  cython function of label to return the number of exact due to termination labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  draw   a

test:  read a pdfdocencoding line of the specified string .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate python code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  function   sign
truth:  formats   formats

test:  run a shell command on a given directory .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  return   git
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays the display options string .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  display   null
truth:  given   a

test:  this function tests if a pipeline is none .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   wrapper
truth:  model   a

test:  load the stl file given its full python installation .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of matching unresolved mapping file names .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a test cases that should be used to access a given test based on failure .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  mount   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   jinja2
truth:  io   io

test:  factory function that returns a new union object .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  makes   function
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a :py:class:optiongroup :py:class:optiongroup .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the theme theme if it exists .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we merge a duplicate keys for a comp .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory userstory representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  opens a remote host .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  init   up
truth:  null   docs

test:  return true if a is not a .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  escapes a string for use in a url .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of exit .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its role .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   role
truth:  locate   null

test:  not create an api user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two random region of region kinds algorithm in descending order .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the user has the permission to do the given contributions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  get   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  compares the given config file against a given string .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects as a project .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  edit   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a user as a unique user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  sending   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get a media request reports .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   media

test:  converts an integer to a string if it is acceptable .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current project directory path to the current project directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the versioned hmac hmac body of the given secret .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a request like det(m) .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a model class .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  displays the stdout on the printed server .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  load   code
truth:  save   stdout

test:  bins measurement for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds rounds a down the nearest number of elements in x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a content-type out of the form .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  returns   a

test:  add an rsa to the sequential lower case .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  print   option
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon **tag name**:: html page to the given css .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   markdown
truth:  render   a

test:  convert the command line arguments into an empty message .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html; a single newline becomes an html line break and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return a shared environment dict for the current environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  select   whitespace
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  config   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns an ordered search results which can be used as a generic string .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  convenience function calls for creating a connection object .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  url this should be po .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  checks   import
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   null
truth:  call   call

test:  parses a string and return a tuple of aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of the fingerprint for a given file .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multidimensional minimum minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get system seconds that is not supported because of the user contains .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the volume uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  create   create

test:  get the repository directory path .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  grant access to a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  executes   log
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo of data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string representation of an xml element .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  returns   utf8
truth:  given   a

test:  adds enrollment attributes to the course attributes for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   entry
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until a server with some master topology has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   method
truth:  wait   null

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector use promotion to define the build for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual type string for countgraph .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake found found in the path .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  byte   null
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificates for given certificate in none .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  null   data
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   a

test:  builds a folder cases from the each folder .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears all plugins in the plugin .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  deletes   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of the passed instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  obtain   a

test:  converts a string name to a string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove username from a users playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  edit   method
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the c formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that positional a function or a function into an position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  computes the inverse of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a function as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  imports the class name for the given alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow of maximum single-commodity .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the highest power of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  computes   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  test glir .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  release   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  allow javascript files to be logged in the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a entrance exam and a entrance exam as a background exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  compute   method
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if the given path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a subplot figure with the given figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function external types .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  log_format area under the area of a b-spline or a b-spline under the area under the logarithm of the auc .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  plot   compute
truth:  compute   area

test:  re-render the result of the strong element .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  text   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  return the port of the users compatible cluster .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  return   return

test:  move to the next history of history of history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   null
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a diff of two objects of the given object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  traverse the given resource .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   return
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the script .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  return the given html string with ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes role from switch .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  removes   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  get verbose text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return the global time ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  given   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for *first* .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that presence works as expected by the python 3 .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns an object from a string including module and returns the passed in .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  function   import
truth:  import   a

test:  train a wrapper for mlp .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   calls
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a module exists on the system .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file as a prodoc records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems that are present .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   null
truth:  set   set

test:  set the sites style palette that n can be stored in a guaranteed .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  sets the billship handler for the shipping api .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   control
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are equal as determined by the == operator .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  asserts   assert
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts a string to a valid python object .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs lines that are not in the given buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts binary data to base format .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  bytes   loop
truth:  cast   a

test:  context manager that logs a test time a time in a context .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  if   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate a short .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates an http credentials that is logged in .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  takes a list of tuples that are the same .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps the javascript from the given json string with json encoding .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  return   vector3
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a list of strings .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns the config dictionary for a given dependency name .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the host is allowed .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  make sure the state of the garbage collector is set to be deleted .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   status

test:  parses the rate unit string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get the virtual machine from the salt master cli example: .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a logical qualified qualified object from the target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the value of the procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a numpy string into a snake_case blob .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs of the indices given an array of indices .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  creates format for the given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  returns   html

test:  disables a feature using dism args: feature : the feature to install image : the feature to install for the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts an item into a string .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   value
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the pci device name for a pci address .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trims the front checksum of a list of strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   a
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name of a user .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   return
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds a string representing an integer number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   number
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  get   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a fallback to check based on the locale in the current locale .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the qresult rows in an array of integer ids .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   fixes
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the old css method of the standard format with the name .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a windows nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  display   null
truth:  return   a

test:  skip unicode strings in the sentence starting with the prefix of the character characters .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  if   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the url to the comment url for a comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this will run a tasks in parallel mode and start parallel process args: timeout : the start of parallel notes timeout : the start to start process returns: true if
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  create the functions that is part of a function .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a list of objects from the mapping as a dict mapping .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to set shared folders args: [name]if : boto3 name of access to set shared folders to use to true for the user : the set of shared folders
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  access   access

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that file encodings with supported encodings .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  make   up
truth:  null   null

test:  displays an openid form in a signin form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   null

test:  multiplies two signatures .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  get   call
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all of the collected matches a product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  redirect all of the values of hls from hls .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  set   change
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  ensure path is a string representation of a path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent a string .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   print
truth:  text   text

test:  register a locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  register   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  close the preview preview object if it is not satisfied .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  project   exception
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a list of kb urls for the specified kb url .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get all the or more artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionary of python data to a single string .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory the group of a path .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  null   a
truth:  require   a

test:  casts a string into a reasonable index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  factory for making a test runner .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns the mor by the primary keys for an object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an http token for the given http service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the path for the current request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute phabricator phabricator .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the radius of a graph .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  lists a list of event on a separate request .
truth: list instances . 
test:  request   get
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute the maximum phasediff buster between vectors .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   rms
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  an interface to verify a datastore database is a proxy for a protocol database .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  cancels   helper
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  write   a

test:  retrieves all of the wiki endpoints for the given service .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are provided via a datetime .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model to the inheritance .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check whether a sobel is sos by sos sections parameters sos : array_like the state of sos sections .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links in a given document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure the element are validation or validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   like
truth:  process   process

test:  test if string is a byte string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters needed for vmadm .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an resolving name to a callable .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   transport

test:  perform a binary @rtype: @rtype: of all full values of old values .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  checks if the image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  performs forward forward ddp .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  search   null
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all possible pairs of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get value from an available available configuration .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  set   logger
truth:  use   a

test:  entry point for the rest api .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  attempt to parse pkg and write the package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  renders   function
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5 hash of the given string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  generates a random rotation matrix .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the function{ stream is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get an email address on a font .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  converts the given type to a python types .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  test sending a process to a process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the unbuckle basis for a given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   space

test:  if the query parameter requires a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a class that can be sent in an interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  text   register
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  translates a title title name to a python name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a point loop from a path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   portion

test:  checks the validity of the password using the salt module .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  checks   validates
truth:  to   tests

test:  sets the identity attribute and the queue identity .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  text   text
truth:  store   a

test:  compute the absolute inverse of an image along a given axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return named ending of strings .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task to generate a task containing information about a task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  given   request
truth:  null   method

test:  run a function and retry it with the given signal and signal .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  code   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a real url because it contains a real formatted url because it contains a real so that it contains a real and so that
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the multiprocessing property .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add a list of data points to the list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   fixture
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of the string s with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a string and a callable .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  list   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of attributes to a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  format   format

test:  return a matplotlib options dict based on the api options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs configs method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  view   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a full path to a network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if openstack-service is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  initialize   control
truth:  control   control

test:  we have to save the filesystem folder and update it .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install signals in this thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  function   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  helper function to get a service provisioning provisioning .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  given a value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password as base64 using the encoded encoding .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a mssql connection .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  mount   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with dataset into x data structure .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  test   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  abort   update
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the unix time id for a given time id .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for the given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv of a mixture vector by name .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the pointer as a nested list of categorical python data .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  given an extension .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  pertinent pertinent query to the type .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  function   query
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in a twitter account .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of the configured virtual machines on the system .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  static group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt a zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  mark   shutdown
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns each mean of each sample matrix with sample elements removed .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains a table .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  find   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  retrieves the disk size in bytes for a given path .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a fixed attribute .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  send an ajax request to an existing request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  email   email

test:  default function for boolean print output .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and svd filled from the epipole .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   array
truth:  computes   null

test:  return *true* if staleness is inf .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new key on or dimensions .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   return
truth:  enable   enable

test:  produce an array of masked data based on the input data and coerce .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  search   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> string return a python expression that contains a string in the corresponding expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   const

test:  check that a job within a job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   approximation
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private function for computing the log of the kernel line .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  null   null
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  tests of sums overlap slices of several slices .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  overlap   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test for when we get a csc file .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   bool
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like obj in a valid python scenarios .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   symbols
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a virtual server id from the system id of the file to be removed .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on a config line .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  test   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   equality
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a 64-bit integer into a human readable integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the specified apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory on the system .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  complex complex frequencies .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check if the specified kernel is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue the message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  log   error
truth:  error   error

test:  validates a message matches .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  checks   validates
truth:  value   value

test:  pass pil image through net::statemeetsrule() images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  converts   try
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  highest site records .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send a request to the underlying note that the underlying ble has been configured .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  subtract   changes
truth:  pushing   a

test:  initialize a list of lists in the configuration .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  get a rollout dict based on the flag .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite two polynomials in the playlist 1 .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  used   polynomial
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the function passed in and different constant is not greater than a given distance .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  finds a service element from a given service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  logs a message as a dictionary .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a valid date for option of type name .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a dictionary of class names for the provided prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   get
truth:  build   build

test:  this function is used to load users test reporting .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  a function that will get the audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  returns   real
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   role
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the serial singular is locally at the given item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  remove   triangle
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   file_changes
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a @never request for a given token .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the generates the scoreatpercentile of the given place .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of the names for a specific resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the transaction status .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test whether g is a proper row or dictionary of nodes .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   implements
truth:  tests   tests

test:  deletes a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that the error when the task has no validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  check   error
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks and run a text in a handle .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper around bcache bcache algorithm .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator to mark a function as a decorator for a method of tags .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse one process statistics into a set of approximate statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  given an importtask .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   check
truth:  get   a

test:  returns all spaces in a single space .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the module handler for init .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from a selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to convert all the keys in dict or a dictionary of keys .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  executes a service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that we can label their trash when they dont have a folder trash trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import a module given its name .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute categorical crossentropy from a source distribution parameters dist : upper upper hilbert .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   sum
truth:  return   return

test:  try to serve a returnqs dispatch into a serve .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  to   try

test:  replaces [[[ and ]]] with {{{ and }}} .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  given a list of images .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes a dictionary with attributes specified as the attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  process a notification message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  send   a
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  load   deserialize
truth:  null   null

test:  takes in the command_map docs docs using the goodness algorithm .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  convert   unit
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  reads the global request object .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  performs   a

test:  sets the default pcap instance to use for some known tests .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  test that installing a vcs requirement fails with a vcs requirement .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build directory .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns incoming shape of the account shape .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look for a python data in json by default .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  scan   json
truth:  import   a

test:  set the value of the api parameter in params .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  module   module

test:  build a dictionary of profile -> profiles .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects source code that are legal in the string p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  check if a locale is set in a template .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  control   test
truth:  test   html

test:  turns a console pool into a dict .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  generate   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string using the given key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file on python 3 .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  function   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  encode a sequence using the blobstore and 1s .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commit message for the suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes the degree number and returns the number of entries for use in solutions .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read an image record .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a mapping of mapping instances to a string .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that nvidia .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compares a user as a dictionary of users keys and interpolate keys .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  called   user
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml schema against the given target .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  verifies   utility
truth:  validate   a

test:  generates a datasetid instance from a datasetid .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the database to remove host the name of the user the database to remove
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current connection to use for the github api .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   return
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a timestamp in binary representation to a single line .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  make a joined query string .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  get   get

test:  move the character behind the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   version
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get keyboard options from email_backend .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  if   a
truth:  function   function

test:  look up and make sure the api is not used .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  marks   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start debugging shell .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  clean   nth
truth:  given   a

test:  get the list of the files in the directory .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  find   socket
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application instance as standalone view; .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  update an cache slug in the given id .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until the response is loaded .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  train a student in a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the ccx key for a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  raises   method
truth:  converts   converts

test:  splits a list of headers into a single string of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  given   a

test:  expands only the last tabs in string .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  return   method
truth:  function   function

test:  analyze a block device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  called   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return the non-empty part of an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to skip test unless at least one of commands is found .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  list   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  prefix-based version of db .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   attributes
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts expr in an expression to a string representation .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for calling printing to create a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  extracts the code from a code .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   numpy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string referring to an invalid commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  if   backend
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a imap map .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  list   information
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return all the functions in expr symbols .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  func   control
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a cabal package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parameters you returns a list of a * header string .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  acquire and validate settings that require the user .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers from all users .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  epydoc -> list turns the elements contained in an array .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  method that processes one that will read in the audio file from the given audio .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get vector3 by point number .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  manage the servers for smtp log format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  check   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call hibernate to hibernate when month is enabled .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   windows

test:  private function for computing mutual and return it .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return line numbers for line numbers that are lineno .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   line

test:  deletes a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  a simple wrapper around bernoulli distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a random string of the data from a random data structure .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  sorts   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file inside the specified package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks whether g is a groebner groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the return information returned by the specified job id .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json resource to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  test a overlay overlay handler for html .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   remote
truth:  test   image

test:  list currently installed zones for this account cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  return   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  decode a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each validator meets all fields in the validator specified by the validator .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handle printing of response .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  error   null
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a list of top exploration ids that the given exploration domain object .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder as a string that should not be rendered .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  adds the specified policy to the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  wrap a handler over csv files as csv .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the metric list command .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  returns   display
truth:  display   display

test:  find the uninstall uninstall files in the given nzb .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the hyperbolic letter of f in e .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes a file to the filename .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the services that the running service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  imports   get
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the status executable .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  control   null
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  get the list of chunks in the specified filepath by maximum chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown so that it can be placed within html or xml character references and > > special characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  text   text
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for the priority of a test driver .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns only the next policy_type .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  null   chooser
truth:  null   null

test:  collapse help links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  null   one
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  list   a
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   method
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a parent table is draw .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute tfr .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line of the given source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the file of a given file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state for a given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  save blockdevicemappingitemtype to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a dictionary of the elements supported by the current language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of modules in the given load balancer .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a link string .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generate localized events based on the localized meta .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a 40 path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   try
truth:  given   a

test:  check for two number of bounds .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  perform single search in a table of python files .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts the content from a zip file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a known known known set of execution .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an rsa private key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  return   key
truth:  load   rsa

test:  get a formatted date in the database .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  format   date

test:  generates and return command from the command .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   list
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of add-on lion for first word and order .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a locale to the system .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  maps   function
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns a string with data repeated repeated bits of the given data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  color   names

test:  momentarily a given clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   one

test:  converts decimal address to human readable representation .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  applies one of the oracle in a oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if a named service is installed cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to start worker worker with a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  test   a
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the sequence of opening elements of a given interval .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  null   correct
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the file b_path: b_path: to limit an traceback file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  null   up
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at a single line .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter out data from a given iterable of data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  dictionary   return
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a dictionary mapping global cache path to a cache registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan reruns .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  handle   get
truth:  view   view

test:  execute a command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  call   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  take a bound method with a bound callable .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of xblocks that have been marked as a score for this course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  raise   f

test:  make a user out of a single request .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  make   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a grid of a few different functions all the grid and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version of the process as a ctypes process .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on the elements of a list of tuples with no other member .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  list   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when a callback is called .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  called   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the topic type .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to the course with this course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about the given cosine matrix .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the specified key for the specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   key
truth:  get   status

test:  etag given header at a specific etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  find   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  merges multiple values that are like a single function .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  decorator to login when a console console write to a custom console console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  to   login

test:  normalizes the python interpreter to convert any object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   test
truth:  try   a

test:  initializes colorize .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  color   method
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  check   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the path to the contract contract directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event in the database .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this is the substitution of a channel .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a list of prefix .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  wraps a single unimplemented so that the function is not executed .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that iops is a valid integer for toy .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  validates   python
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display display content .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  render   sync
truth:  display   a

test:  given a list of article .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  single 4-bytes function .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  list   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure parameter passed to the default value .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a string for a task_id: and returns it .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  split   split

test:  computes two systems events for two systems .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  step   block
truth:  null   a

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  step note that the note used if the remark is not started .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  filename   mark
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a dictionary of public-facing .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  6 a device from the system path .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  function   up
truth:  return   return

test:  a small decorator .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  func   python
truth:  return   return

test:  return the reg_dir format for a given string in a raw format .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  a factory to thin wrapper around self .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  show the lamp status .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to an existing user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  calc *recurse* .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  adding   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  read   text
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address contained in the client .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  the main function of the sectorize method .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  instantiate and install the template with a template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  template   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  convert a blaze expression into a branching rule .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a aeon of the use of the ckan .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   new
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the style is can be shared .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model class .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if a fresh header is a qtev .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get float lists .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value for an old key .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  inserts   factory
truth:  null   numeric

test:  returns the address tuple as a string .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this will vb a vm through the start documentation and get all -d tags .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  test that uris are the same as the given argument .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  test   function
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return a unsightly tree for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  return   multiply
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a table with a sorted delimiter .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  input   utility
truth:  test   failure

test:  generate a dictionary of the number of a ports number .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  trailing   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read a raw data as raw bytes .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   artemis123
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone from a master and remove its slave on a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  take a type instance and a string and determine if its a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a list of integers with the value followed by a single space .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator that prevents a function in a reactor file and run the reactor to an instance .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return an update bindings of each variable of its type path .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear any lxc from the given pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  imports   replace
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the first character should be considered as a string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer mapping maxfilter-formatted or primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  make   compare
truth:  perform   null

test:  check mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is changed .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns a list of file paths starting with the given atom .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set/get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a parent of the bookmark .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set a global term label on a host .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the passed in cls is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator that reads a possible iterator of items .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  read   wrapper
truth:  null   strings

test:  attempt to copy a file to master and copy it to the enclosed store .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  project0 pootle .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  send   patch
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a new qualified qualified file from the file for the target .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   null

test:  a page with a list of events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   events

test:  made a flow from a file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  create   a

test:  removes an available installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   info

test:  square-free square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   sum
truth:  function   function

test:  add an integer to the length of a length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block block block block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   literal
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate a list of affected nodes for the given db .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial degree of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse them in a test suite .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file to an s3 location .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of non-zero elements in a set of entries .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  utility function to guess the image of a given image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an account account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  token   a
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of times in an array .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify that the password password matches the datastore user .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a customized decorator that allows specific identical .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  returns   strings
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a mapping of a single file .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render final parameters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search the currently installed versions of the user .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  search   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to a string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a file to a ca file to a base64 solution .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  create   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the alternate descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  called   enable
truth:  update   update

test:  get the loops for the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list and art from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a file path .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compares two strings and compare strings .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the standard error of the mean of the values .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  function to argus .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise kernels between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of interfaces information about all interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add a plan to a string of scheme .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  specified   links
truth:  return   a

test:  create an empty epic .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a datastore stub key from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if the oauth2 library exists .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  build   return
truth:  call   call

test:  @authenticatordef basic authentication using http api .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as its render .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a simple function that returns a simple keyword arguments .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a string referring to a filesystem name .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  returns an attribute of the state parameter .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter mask to use for the permutation set .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory already on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  existing   one
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if any of the given module is changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort the ip address from the table .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  converts a form form of type accepted by name into a form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a custom api level method for export this is basically a separate method .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that ignores validation errors in django .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  imports   exception
truth:  context   manager

test:  looks up the processes for processes running a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides the comment status for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a action on a vm .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the separate integer after the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a list of event handlers for all plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   export
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the raw response for matrices .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   signal
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator that allows a unittest function to load dynamic types .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the configured js js js js js .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  get   null
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string representation of string: string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager to capture the object x in an array .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and event mapping .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  gets the version string as a long attribute .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the orientation bound to the given x .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match a partition device in the given device according to the partition partition .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  matches   device

test:  test of a nested prefix in case of url .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  null   python
truth:  context   context

test:  thin wrapper to rename a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json model counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify group params .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check that the range of scale scale matches the subset of a theano range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  find the first word in a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  try to import and imports from string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags of a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  check   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure standby are running in standby mode .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  null   windows

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   delete
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculate the equalized equalized weights of probabilities .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata of an metadata of the group is the group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  if   method
truth:  if   check

test:  try to determine the state from the identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  given   get
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  checks if a user is lockable and if a given request has a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax content to the path .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   directory
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove script that come like the given tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check if the given clause is present in the test clause .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates the directory directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  add   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from console instance into the console dictionary .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the amount of the mysql algorithm in floating point .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open paths in the given directory with the given parent .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  open   open

test:  n319 - temporarily use deprecated .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run an interactive server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   override
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the parameters into a list of lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  carves   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page from the href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  transform   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  get   source
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the current system version is supported by the same as the default version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder folder .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  check   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the two blocks in the block field is equivalent .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a defined user .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   user

test:  ensure that the parent directory exists .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if the queue was held with a queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if the permission specified .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  require   lookup
truth:  to   helper

test:  url existing use of a custom python function .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  url   issue
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a value containing a value for the given value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  read   a

test:  warn of the local agent .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  checks   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests content dispatcher .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lookup a table as a active packed entry .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   helper
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http cached http http http http object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all the vms on the system .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the two numpy methods .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   decorator
truth:  convert   f

test:  returns the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   test
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   ikepolicy
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  returns a subplot plot of the given plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   attributes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove transcript from a new store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   remove
truth:  renames   null

test:  attempt to read the next available sine int .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   pylint
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to count calls to a function using a backport of parameters .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  decorate   accept
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another instance to the function in the class execution .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  command   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: send a variable variable to a file .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  wraps   handler
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns an rendered view view view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  closes a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  close   review
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a runner scenarios scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the number of nodes in the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  null   datetime
truth:  return   return

test:  flags a user from a role .
truth: create a role . 
test:  flask   null
truth:  create   a

test:  follow a user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  loads all macros .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  load   load

test:  determine the port binding for a single port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  get   get
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function for searching for use in /etc/cobbler/modules .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a network framework object .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  getterminalsize() how many strings are identical .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  dimension a gcode file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get all flavor access list .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  returns the node that links to be used to access a given node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  looks   code
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator to clean up after a temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another instance to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   null

test:  enforces enforces support .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  view   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate the logistic function .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  shut down events .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  sleep   stop
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run a strips after the specified index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  null   names
truth:  index   index

test:  decodes a hex value from a hex encoding .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   validate
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all of the users that have access to the given course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add one or more visitor class names to the "add plugin names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  create   addition
truth:  typing   null

test:  generate a random identifier value .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  receive coursetalk .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form consisting of a job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   returns
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  execute   a

test:  deprecated: this should be overriden .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list semi .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for disabling the elements of a function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of dependencies starting with feature assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a single method for adding a single argument to a collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   a

test:  initialise specific object from firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  add   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fix up up up up up up up up up up up up up from media descriptor directory .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  apply   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the given files or language code indicating whether each string is a pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   element

test:  return a iter iter instance .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  returns an suggests given an .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that yields a hexadecimal tree in a buffer .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  see   up
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate a set of unknown statuses for all unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  is   print
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the rich-club reciprocity on a graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach tags to the show object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   conflicts
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  creates a function that returns an object appropriate for the given section_key object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the migration for the given name .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  perform a polynomial translation_project on a polynomial of a polynomial in z .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  create a task for use in tests .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  login using the cmd .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  null   file
truth:  expected   null

test:  compat for testing with previous @with_app decorator .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do x .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  takes   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is opensuse .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  is   set
truth:  work   work

test:  check that value is a visible pair .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of jobs of filters .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the indefinite define that contain the nested nested expansion of config .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   a
truth:  help   help

test:  return the common attribute of the given expression .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   norm
truth:  null   items

test:  aggregate social auth current user .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  load   show
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a function using a cache memoize .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to expose views as the function in your gradle modules .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  use   use

test:  construct a simple html blob that matches the nearest rendered in the languages choke .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list that matches the given list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sorts   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory where a given file is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   sys
truth:  search   search

test:  used for snapshot .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   user
truth:  displays   null

test:  return image instance to scale in the image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  make   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  destroy the vdis vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the log file for the options .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet code in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   request
truth:  run   run

test:  add a device type to the nearest device type .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  start   a

test:  format the firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a graftpoints .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the valid aws region for the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  get   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  set   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  add routes for all doctypes in given doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  write a ticket to the tuple at a time .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert naive naive datetime to a string of utc time in utc .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   t
truth:  converts   t

test:  function that converts a unicode code code in international code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck publish rundeck requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the provided attribute on the given class name contains an attribute with the passed-in class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  does   wrapper
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run a command on a given command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  function   variables
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  get the standard team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a handle of entrez as a results handle .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the storage value for the required metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  get   current
truth:  change   change

test:  get the string of aggregate modules and module string .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   one
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate possible user id for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click a fake transform for a authorities and optionally click .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for theilsenregressor .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all exponent of nt and return a list of all points in nt order .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  url   elements
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   a
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic number for a campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a new nick to the database .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  clone a single paragraph value for a given value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  runs homebrew modules cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   a
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step 2 suffixes .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  given a symmetric table of :class: .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  gets   parses
truth:  get   values

test:  return the titles .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves model information to a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  null   dumps
truth:  model   model

test:  parses a query string as json .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  inside a user .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  error   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  create a square-free number given a list of rfc national .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for the port .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  lists   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  check the name of a database .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  instantiate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  wraps a class to add one or more powerline methods to the given singular .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  document   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  update   update

test:  query closed issues for given closed closed in the list of issues and return an closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test conversion of shape .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send a simple registration to all active notice below the given notice .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone from a zone into a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  install   a

test:  checks whether test is a test microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  check   null
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  receives a student into a particular entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  check   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run a single model in the given plot .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  run   create
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter formatter formatter as a string representation .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for datetime .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  fake   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  helper function for computing the pseudoinverse of a sequence of items .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  make   arguments
truth:  null   basis

test:  split a list of descendantaddresses arguments into a dense tree .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  return   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  start watching a tweet for a tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  performs   start
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  makes a friends from the given directory .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  return   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a row from a unifrac-like metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  time   function
truth:  make   a

test:  write a string representation of an html file .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate events and concatenate events as cartesian .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  make   loop
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that the part of minute is part of a complex matrix .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point along a wide matrix .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  renderscene - parsable opengl commands - opengl opengl - opengl opengl - opengl opengl - opengl opengl opengl opengl - opengl opengl test-if-executable-exists-in-python - opengl current_page opengl - opengl -
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  generates   functions
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  limit a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert a list of indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that a tables with a copy of variables .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  replaces   union
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend associated with the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  adding   a
truth:  called   null

test:  check that the right size of several size is less than 0 .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   length

test:  finds the user in the given request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  check   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  parse provided request data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns an dependency of the passed distribution .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : lpar arglist rpar .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string referring to a locale .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if c{obj} is a old array .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only works on utf-8 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  function   utf-8
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes a set of sample ais for each sample .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  map   null
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  base-36 an image in the given table/chain .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  chop   chop

test:  check to see if the policy passed is not policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   handlers
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that a table with a fits header has no fits fields .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  break up the cookie cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  make   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a glanceclient object for the given image object .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  projects code for add-on messages to the add-on .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies belonging to the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return an :class: cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the class corresponding to the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator to use automatic subsection to enable the subsection of a function .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attempt to initialize the metric table for the params .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   function
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find out if the provided method has a database method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  display a client for a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  ssh   information
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  send   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  module   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a hex address in network format into a long integer .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a short command to generate a git command for the current process .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json from a python command line argument .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the extension in the given clauseelement .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  url   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes a folder from the point-of-reference .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get a network state .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy lazy of lazy related to the given model .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  view   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to the given sequence using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   implementation
truth:  merges   mros

test:  feed feed feed .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts the given xml string into an xmlelement object .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   user

test:  returns json representation of the fields in request .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a local servicepair .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects whether the os is available and can be reversed .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  make   force
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator of strides of f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  to   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  guass-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the currently set network display until the machine sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns the url for the api api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   function
truth:  releases   releases

test:  returns the trailing power of f .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   characters
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalizes a python name from a string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a path to the file .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copies   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the numpy array of array encoding .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  converts a dictionary of elements in a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  direct   nodes
truth:  push   element

test:  go over files in the given template file .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  format   null
truth:  get   get

test:  checks a largest rechunk that computes yield yield yield yield yield yield nearer *new_chunks* .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create an openstack role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a directory where a given host is located in the path .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dictionary of positional into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  encode the given html string using the json string .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  normalizes an active service name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns a random graph that is a exports of the given face .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine whether there are enough updates that are in the same solution .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return a list of packages in the package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   root

test:  returns an httpresponse containing a link to a page .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  expected   link
truth:  link   link

test:  format data as a formatted date string to a utc date .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  time   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of all available courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute polynomial nf of g and g in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  clip   polynomial
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a hash of dicts and a hash using the hash algorithm .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  sleep must be set to a process .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a rpmbuild instance .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attribute name for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances python data via the string parameter .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv if pyenv is not installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the python module to find the given environment in the given environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate cleaning cleaning .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  list   scan
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests whether the clrtype attribute can be modified .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a list of individual units for the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blk_count for each model .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure the incomplete credentials shouldnt be set correctly .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   ^

test:  create a colormap to resolve a colormap .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  private method .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return an iterator over expr in the expression .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  to   msg
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert a text form into a dns form value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  tries to identify an existing table using the given sqlalchemy table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for a certain file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  delete   group
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if the python version is importable .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the google cloud instance type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  installs an @monkey instance of class call .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new datetime object from a datetime or a datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  null   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  generate an http url for the given regex using the given regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  logs   function
truth:  validate   a

test:  news index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  null   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install the given domain for a windows domain name for the domain to be installed and install it for the server .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default plot works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks the error code returned from the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  takes a list of master and sorts the number of master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load word word from file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  given an http www-authenticate .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  execute   requests
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the flask test cases in a given class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds the canonical compressor request to the protocol .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  open the supplied data and returns it as a sparse dataset .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  it should extract a scenario description from a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a text string into a long integer .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  converts   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the python source file for a given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests that the tail with labels doesnt have labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   url

test:  remove css class from css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for defining unicode representation of an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  make   factor
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  tests sparse matrices with sparse and different inner values .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the host for the given aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  null   details
truth:  host   host

test:  update the default configuration plugin .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  null   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  order image location list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  port   check
truth:  make   null

test:  make a post request to the event with the given arguments and optionally true .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  executes   method
truth:  enable   a

test:  takes a list of fields and returns a dict of fields for the returned dict .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the data in the binary-valued format to the destination .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a proto into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode the request as a bytestring .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a file with the given script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  source   a

test:  given an iterable of url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  given   url
truth:  url   url

test:  might might in left with left .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  imports   source
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gives   mute

test:  adds html component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the python encoding type .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a new record that will be used for the memcache request .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string and a jinja wrapper .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  existing   function
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   replace
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es template to es .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  provides   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of tuples in the passed iterable which are not the given list of numbers .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representing the given foo-bar .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  socket   sphinx
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  wrap a function using a specific argument .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  call   up
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for two targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of gpu .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a word-wrap license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  computes the approximate deviation for a set of regression .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  generate a random integer from a bound .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translation are stored and tests which the file extension are provided .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator that allows a user to run a generator of a specific user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  run   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite from the given module .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape some xml characters in a string so that it can safely be used as one token in a single block in a single block in a dictionary .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two replication and return the desired replication .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   method
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for the existence of the desired platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() if stderr is a square-free string .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  name   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts data into default default format for stata itemsize format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  dtype   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  constructs and return the analytics analytics analytics access to the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  does   a
truth:  provide   data

test:  return the fprime score .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  returns the column list of already list of already list .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the datastore info from a file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  download the image from the current thread .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   generic

test:  return a treesegment tree of the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update url from github .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  sign   url
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the list of test names in the given test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  display   list
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after an accessor .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  for a given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of the the endpoint type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the default time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter all possible commodities .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the text specified by the path is the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  require an arch site version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of dicts of the mapping of the specified mapping .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit from the given document visit .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random element of estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  give   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of credit requests for a given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  convert   bytes
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the triangle code between a oversampled code and a left accordingly .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  computes   fixes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prepare python 2 .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  function   bytes
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a handle .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  remove no components of /etc/default/networking .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  sample   compare
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the user is visible .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  run the celery error in the database .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  function   exception
truth:  null   task

test:  returns an iterable of image urls for the given text .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the appropriate images for the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a system time to the current systems time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  return   starting
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get the ordered loops from a wide of points .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command returns a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  sets   source
truth:  password   password

test:  imports the given python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  get   call
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate the logarithm statistic .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork -> master acquires a master implementation until it has a master .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  null   null

test:  line breaks before attacks .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is rhel to run a rhel distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function implements the sale against a new-world cluster .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  converts a numpy array to a file .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   workaround
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for temporarily reversing a secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   infer
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all exploration exploration summary .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the cache file from the file .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace starting threads in to store it in to its threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  is   null

test:  create the equity curve for the duration of the given holdings curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   get
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for creating a single filenames .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member of the specific group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read a cifar 32-bit .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   tuple
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dict with information about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  ensure   issue
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  function   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the list of files specified in the system .
truth: main function . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip off the last bit between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  strip   strip
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string of bytes from the buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   decode
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a grid sensors .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   projection

test:  function to convert a dictionary of name information into a single tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence of the given object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests using a regression implementation with a few implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  get a default structure for a credit eligibility .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   values
truth:  default   default

test:  view method that handles a given language .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  search for a specific field .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config name from a specific resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger by the logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default object to use for *prefix* .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add square between this queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   a
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns an approximate float for the memory samples of a float in the form system .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical publish critical in the console log .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  register   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a unix timestamp .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return the configparser standardized moment of a random ndarray .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  see   compute
truth:  taken   example

test:  return the subset of each string in pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  get a dictionary with the keys that can be globally as the default values for other ini .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  evaluate   get
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key for a given lexical .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore specific number of data that are stored in the context .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get schedule value from form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return a cache of all objects of the given tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  objects   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a course course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a home directory path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  find   uses
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks from iis .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads libxml2 file and uncompress the given dataset .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   mnist
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true/false boolean indicating if the object provided implements the iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call to containing given threadpool .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  function   normalizes
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the dictionary of the symbol used for generating tests it .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given tree .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  null   links
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of srs that arise an object .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a window that can be used to create a new window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  function   window
truth:  return   a

test:  count the number of axes in a 1-d ndarray .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to track a function is run in a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  print   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the grains hash of the minion .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the linear order statistic for a pair of a multivariate polynomial irreducibility .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solves   gcd
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of command-line details .
truth: print this help . 
test:  -   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  a function to be a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  load a storage plugin and return a unique plugin containing the plugged settings .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  model   a
truth:  find   find

test:  given a string .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region of users that matches the specified country code .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  typed matrix for profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  function   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a sequence of love as nt rows using nt semi-definite .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  does   a
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a web page for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   filename
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as a packed packed packed packed .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a parametrized fixture that maps a parametrized function to a parametrized fixture .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  an atom for the given globals() .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the first model object prepared for a given resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate a choice value for choices .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  create   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed versions as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  advance a function using a sequence of order 1 .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stops the server .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  resume   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string to a list of packets .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   mean
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the cluster component of the given dataset .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   read
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   value
truth:  formats   formats

test:  given a request headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate rule counts for a user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  send   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get the current time .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  time   display
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route route .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  gets all exercises of the user that the user is completed .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns mongo application instance .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a decorator that makes sense to each function in a whitelist .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the lagged groups for the given lag .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of the metadata of a users resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of a pip_list .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  approximate   equality
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the organizations api configuration .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   api

test:  replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html; a single newline becomes an html line break and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  helper function for probability .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the path to the s3cache modules .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  make   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from extracting information .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the path to the given key file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per use 4 instead of 4 .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  use   use

test:  left decodes a multi-line string .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  given   function
truth:  input   input

test:  init and return an enforcer config file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made made from a given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate statistics about all interfaces in the dict .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  retrieves   list
truth:  provide   a

test:  wrap a user with the specified permission .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get path from paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper of the the the z[x_1 power of a according to the given power .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   power
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes a mapping definition .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  clean   child
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges in a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen status .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   current
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the schema from the url .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  routes   routes

test:  stack a movie from a movie file .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  returns the expected mean of the bits++ distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  null   function
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   one

test:  performs the sess run .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a relative partition from a partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize j wrapper for a multivariate multivariate distribution .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   values

test:  create a dynamic item field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  update   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  joins a list with the string representation of the string arr .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   function
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert string to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a short string .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match the requested options that matches the requested vpc id .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - suppressed database source_db_or_dbentries - target database source_db_or_dbentries target / option - can be "turtle" - option - vertical keyword
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend to the given backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  look for a function in the list of strings .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  link   a
truth:  require   null

test:  executes a function spec for the given function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   func
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  update the autoscaler of the policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  read   run
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all the table entries .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  when a worker is executed .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  time   null
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of client client client that can be used to complete the client client for populating .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  take   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of keys from the gpg .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  separate the leading space to the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the hash of the given value .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  does   tuple
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out the user from .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints a list of <minor> format of a flow .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  given a reference to a reference organisation .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class that can be passed in identified by the python class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   import
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the filenames of the file containing all the files matching the same number of entries in the file .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to the current thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print an error message if the user could not be met .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  print   a

test:  push a pickled string to the current process .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   push

test:  check if forum has access to this course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about the python file for a given file or none if it doesnt correspond to the specified file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 3 3 pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tar backup files into the file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  open   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  copy lists to sequence in chunks of lists .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   copy
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to test to accept a accept type wrapper as expected to accept a driver .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to find out the installable directory from the master .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address in the background on this system .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  validates   try
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all volumes belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an incoming rate at least squares on stock .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  list   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parse a ancient function plugin into a specific plugin function .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a users avatar avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  calls external command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check the reader in the tree starting with the given compiler .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  to   check
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  hash   get
truth:  return   return

test:  print a message to the server .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches the first pid of the process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  generate contrast based on the call .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   override
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make a single sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  text   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that pathological cases do not calculate the normalized error between absolute cases .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging level for all the files in the response .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a logging buffer .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the length of a national number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config lines on switch .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  removes   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the enocean platform .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   upload
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple task that returns a json object of the provided document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  if   data
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  generator of a rule in a binary format .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  put   put

test:  perform a single nodes of nodes in a set of nodes .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  null   master
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel for use in the provided tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix containing a tensor .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove ips of the given virtual network address .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is called to require the package version in the package .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  password   source
truth:  git   git

test:  ensure that any exception occurs to the given template should be returned .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt type of the passed virt .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if id is valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does iso 8601 used for datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  a decorator to set a function that maps a given value to a given value .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  null   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent body to the body .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   properties
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   call
truth:  return   a

test:  get the signature defined in this module .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  -   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the directory to use for the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a generator of a sequence of combinations of k .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a short integer from a sequence .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for a given helper method for allow some data tries to .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for functions which receive a method to an instance of instance .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  theano function to generate a rational b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an existing virtual server cli example: .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing that the output snippets should always return a normalized step snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that returns a 404 .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  print   view
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a set of sequences of countgraph .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a function that raises an exception when given a function raises a function is called .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file path .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return none if data contains a hash .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests in the specified directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   a

test:  returns given code value from a given environment string .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   replaces
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a parameter .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  updates the users redemption database cart with matching cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send email to a yaml file .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  object   null
truth:  send   a

test:  create layer instance .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check if a key is a conditional .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp version of the snmp command .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  check   check

test:  test two categorical and __wrapped__ __wrapped__ .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   field
truth:  producing   checks

test:  given an object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   config
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to revert task_state on a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  handle   up
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  workaround   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  generates the multivariate polynomial beginning of a rational polynomial n in order .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  reserve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   quotas

test:  prints all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  show   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   options
truth:  converts   a

test:  create database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  delete one or more model data frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  removes   null

test:  return the average spectral window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front over the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for use in a given cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  return   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  set   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an html term with the given term .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  prints   text
truth:  print   a

test:  build a namespace for the given python interpreter .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   names
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios should respond with inline comments and empty strings .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  have   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  knowledge base files by me page .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split a path in a list of pairs .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp as a unix timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  calls lazy .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   error
truth:  make   strings

test:  request one of the more cancellation execution .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   import
truth:  build   build

test:  runs a single cluster in a given cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   start
truth:  run   run

test:  manage the users home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  map   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests translation revision are normalized revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the specified open file object .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  accepts   context
truth:  determine   null

test:  sample sample point for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a courses structure with the given keys and restore it .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  restore   use
truth:  null   a

test:  url only runs when given shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  check   load
truth:  run   unittest

test:  returns a tuple of sample .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  file_input : newline | newline indent .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the path to the location in *x* .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  null   method
truth:  get   get

test:  copy the struct struct to another wrapper .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  like   like

test:  duplicate function to xkcd the unpacks price by nothing" them .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run a batch of sequences in a batch .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  reject   section
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parse iso8601 formatted date string into a delimiter date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a unique username string .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze an axes into a tuple of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove all the connections from the document tree .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  escapes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a service this function converts the machine to a proxied service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  run   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute the kkt optimality instance for a set of correlation .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the executable passed to the current operating system .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  gives   print
truth:  null   null

test:  run options from the specified virtual host cli example: .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  calculate infinite-medium for a logarithmic vector .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the given mapping .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  validates markdown of field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   set
truth:  text   text

test:  addrequest the windows qt replacing the qt qt stack .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  function   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a given function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   returns

test:  splits a list into roughly as visited .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  ignore   partitions
truth:  block   block

test:  return the client_id averages .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  prints   helper
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that a trivial distance from url < against the altaz distance .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  test   distutils
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the one-way bound for a given axis of a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   x

test:  removes the indentation from the sublime .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  push   widen
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied set of static urls for the given course urls .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  updates   updates

test:  perform the binary sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a string for a few different ways .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  see   date
truth:  test   precision

test:  get a column column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve one or more roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  null   read
truth:  get   roles

test:  get flipped paths .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dictionary into the root of dictionaries .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is the path given .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  returns a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  have   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add an effect to a time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the result of the memcache required to reach a color .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  returns   buffer
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  converts a user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   user

test:  joins a url with a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take information about the server .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python data into python built-in code .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  generate random data in a given string format .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  simplified   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the manifest version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  return   url
truth:  stack   stack

test:  given the full argument .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore multiple json build failures when trying to multiple json .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  ensure   variables
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory structure of iid .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  sets   print
truth:  make   worker

test:  checks whether the arguments are present as specified by the given arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return the current set of scanning .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses a string and returns a tuple of .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  show the script usage in the given directory .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  imports and returns a module given *name* .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  load   a

test:  if dont find rst_file_pth rst_file_pth .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  import a python code to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  code   code

test:  load an image library from a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  partition the disk diskpath for a list of disk .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  array   array

test:  fixes the #144 .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  check   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator of tuples of float numbers .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  yields   start
truth:  null   level

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the file name of the path .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a new feed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability of the generalized generalized probability distribution .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a /-delimited dict .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  join the path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the windows process and restart its output .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  converts a sequenceexample image into a numpy image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  load   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file using the specified uri .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  use   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  check if the generated url is a repo url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   view
truth:  add   add

test:  this function takes the argument as passed in categorical .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string representation of the right token .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  display   calculate
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trim any items in a range that isnt a python dictionary .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  create a supplied accepted accepted based on passed passed in supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add an atomic group to the description .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check whether all matplotlib objects are available .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  check   sync
truth:  output   output

test:  features should run scenarios with scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a rule on the top nodes first from the top nodes .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  called when the cloudtrail command is valid .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  print   print
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a random items that can be passed to a list of tuples .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource of the primary resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a 2-tuple of a socket .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   try

test:  compares the state of a vm and returns true if the state is managed .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   set

test:  each each pool will update an existing archive .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  get a comment callback to a thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  generate the path to the webpack webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  receives   join
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display a usage message .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer for the given value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a command using the specified process .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a config file system to a json string .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  replaces line breaks in plain text with appropriate html; a single newline becomes an html line break and a new line followed by a blank line becomes a paragraph break
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   names
truth:  print   print

test:  discard the binary representation of the input polynomial .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create a fully qualified name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  given   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if the stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns print format as print format for given format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   jose
truth:  verify   null

test:  prepare interactive command line for targets .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  ensure   call
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a regexp and returns the equivalent and the string from the given string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the currently active connection connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version header with a version header comment .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get a string of the data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  format   -
truth:  return   return

test:  split a minimum into parts: .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a python json object .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  prefixes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  common code to dump a file descriptor to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  create   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change ratio: .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a product to basket and returns a basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise an exception if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  if   check

test:  function to prepare a set of systemexit systemexit .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a single file with outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   stream
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode instance to bytestrings .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  convert   test
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  return   return

test:  update the new ccxcon for the given course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  if   execution
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  returns system cpu cpu running in reverse order .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a class object .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  generates composite mask for a given image using a transparency mask .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional percentile of the given percentile .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a port for installing a single port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   handles
truth:  creates   null

test:  set request data on request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return meas id for the passed family .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a string argument to a path .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an http set of headers .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes the unicode encoding from the xml definition .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  read   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate a secret key for the given sentry and secret parameters .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  creates an empty queues string if it exists .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into a tuple of bytes .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  given   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   float
truth:  null   null

test:  not needed for utf-8 utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   get

test:  get all block device mapping for the provided instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string as a time span .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   one
truth:  filter   filter

test:  attempts to signum .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  force-reload service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  determines whether a modules has a supported namespace .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  module   get
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  load   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  it computes the lu decomposition of a matrix and returns l .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  decides that the states attribute should be used .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  change   elements
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator factory function if module is one .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  test   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   parameters
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of lists of yielding .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  start   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this view is used to render a rendering .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repository is write .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : tokenid | left | right | nonassoc .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  invert all image bits from a gpio .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets a function that temporarily get a specific xml xml .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  read   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that protects endpoints after a given addon has been marked .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  request   transaction
truth:  call   call

test:  run a remote function after the given view with sublime .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and can be a valid version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  duplicates   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  xorequal and create a github extension instance .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  push   a
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  returns a list of all the power classes that do not need to be considered within a list of power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  control   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a cli options to the user .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the sympy keys to a scalar or float .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  after subprocess .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  show   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test the analyze id .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  get all configured interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return a serial string for the given client api .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a list of existing trace settings for a particular course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a simple string representation of the units or a subset of units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  time   time

test:  returns the lowcolor[ that contain the given lowcolor .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether the matrices is a same transform as a symmetric matrix .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to amazon route 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the dot product of a dense or a tuple of an input image .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   x
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to the links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return the default library info .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  null   prompt
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  combines two lists of -items .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use this decorator to generate the wrapped decorator to get the wrapped function signature as the test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   use
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  an absolute path to a method .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a template string using the appropriate markdown .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an opcode to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   convert

test:  prints the sinks in the given destination to a given client .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a python package directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  tests that the word where all have the word value .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   minimum
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the request name .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the number of bits in a key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  when time zone support is enabled .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  prompt   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find line distance between the first line of a multiline line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random string of the given string .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests for attributes of wait_until: and closes order of raw attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  creates a new instance of the checker for the checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample is a list of image found in writeme .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if *obj* is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  called   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the sony gpmdp devices .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  null   mock
truth:  null   provider

test:  create a deferred which will be called when the given nonce .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  function   command
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  move   a

test:  enumerates all of the contents of an documented archive .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function to allow epochs to recognize epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  null   function
truth:  equalize   null

test:  take a => object for each row is a tuple of .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  list   object
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence of the state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a repository in the repository folder .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array or structure *val* to a python array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if elasticsearch libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   unpack
truth:  add   add

test:  updates csrf request off an open request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  format   records
truth:  given   a

test:  update available websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  hash   command
truth:  update   update

test:  create a list of items from baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  matching   matching

test:  compares against course mode and compares the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a string containing an items of a amount of items .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the dte energy platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips a test if running in sys .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove symbolic .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  log   log

test:  check if the discrete or not .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   a
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an axis generate a new axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the image in base properties on a dictionary of image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the macros .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any of the values in y .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the site request is active .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  load only on systems that are available on the system .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  set   load
truth:  confirm   null

test:  helper function to get a sysctl key for a particular string: .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  instance of a separate process .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: drain : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the facts result dict updated with the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   training
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all of the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining surrounding the closest remaining surrounding the closest remaining and the closest remaining polygon .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   null
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a class decorator that injects the original class and construct a remote class to be modified from the class or a remote class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts a list of issues from a single list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches an exploration to a list of yaml states for a given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  pivot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests units units are not created with syncing .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check becomes or ] .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   a
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  fake   version

test:  custom site .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for retrieving host and distutils .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  null   function
truth:  is   null

test:  generates the inception moving moving images .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a list of sets of sets of sets in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns compressed string indicating whether translation is valid .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  pass   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a data source is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  returns the list of osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a testsuite string .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a segment of dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is a parent decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 connection to s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  decode   python
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filenames in utf8 .
truth: utility function . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a date string as a formatted date .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  select a string from an expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  return   python
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a list of ufunc and upcast into a set of ufunc .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate a function modulereturn and pass it to the given one of the call .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a method to be updated on a test_case or a specific request .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an child cache record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  concatenates access token to the following last-modified service account .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  token   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the system time .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  prints   current
truth:  time   time

test:  override this function to get default yaml scalar handling .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the distances; mean squared error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  returns   difference
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure no secret excluded by incompatible are excluded .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  check   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  looks up the named template from the master path and the specified directory .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that a value is present in the config file .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the additional point of a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  reduce   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  look for the callers callers in the jasper database .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  wraps   routine
truth:  read   read

test:  read the next segment of a file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   list
truth:  return   a

test:  given a row of linear tableau returns a relative row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replaces characters of nullhandler with ampersands .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   replaces
truth:  string   string

test:  detects the file in the given file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the ask of a generic number that is a ask of b .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate an rsa keys for the private key of nbits keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a task that will be used as a in the next available .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random data from a stream of bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the splodge dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check if an action is a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   action

test:  generate a new trees for a trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  is return the boolean indicating whether or not the passed in value is a valid graph .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test that an invalid exception not built correctly handles a valid exception .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine the levels of a given index .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  null   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  this returns the settings code profile code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   method

test:  strips a sentence from a string of words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  does   generator
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are made intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks if the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving for the carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   attributes
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the provided url is installed .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  tests   list
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default contact if a user has inserted .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  returns the function formatted as a single log formatted string beneath the sequences of sequences .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   mapping
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cluster for a given job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given a class .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   media
truth:  string   string

test:  version string from znc version version string to control "views" version number .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the given model to the database .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  normalize   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the version of the release file .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  adds   version
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that all requirements are available .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  sum the given column and return the column column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  return   column
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a folder into the filesystem .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  attempt to dest a file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  to   a
truth:  move   a

test:  do some more pair in a string to make it usable in an sql query .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   output
truth:  null   helper

test:  get an objects of the object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is none .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get raw tool representation of a tree .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  return   rate
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the header supports the header for the header list or an error .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  looks   mapping
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins file or a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  label   print
truth:  file   file

test:  launch time series of single column .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a value to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  a wrapper for unsetting .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  parse a four expression separated by the program .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  command   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register language support .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  get a 64-bit get the hardware address on unix by running it .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively load plugins from any directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   imports
truth:  to   attempts

test:  mark info as more tv info .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  imports   part
truth:  returns   a

test:  find an approximate composite objects for filtered object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the compatibility name and returns a handle to see if the compatibility has been activated .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   validator
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if the current buffer is defined by the argument .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  execute a command on a operation .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  command   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to the target method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties size for the image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in final version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle of an array with vector .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   count
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  add a file client and an ssh client .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns its filename .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random column .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the form argument .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  close the users last resource at the provided resource .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  display the window dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  starts   convenience
truth:  display   display

test:  opens count file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  download   download

test:  extracts the data from a given directory to a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the absolute path to a user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  set   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a cwl looks like a cwl artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like most recent square square .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   product
truth:  return   a

test:  list the python modules in a path .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   ros

test:  define a class by name .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  test   test

test:  used to mark a single object as identity .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  creates a test command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  to   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  converse -> json packets .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools setuptools is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  null   downloads
truth:  null   null

test:  get average equate .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  deletes an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse input line .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  stats   profile
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a sequence of crc-32c pairs from a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return sig object for obj .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the median of values for the given number of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a testsuite loaded at all the test suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  serializes f until f can be a concludes object .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  execute   test
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  remove ? from a string .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  return   text
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper method .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns the average clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convolve a sequence of sequences .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   text
truth:  introduce   element

test:  internal helper method to submit a field to the given challenge field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  given   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  given a team member .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ip from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as requested by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as well as van .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   rows
truth:  generate   c

test:  test gl inverse of sequences .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   page
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  command   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file in the specified stream .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string like object into a dict .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  normalize   path
truth:  make   path

test:  program : line | line indent minus program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache cache with the header in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current file number .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   counts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads all the settings in the selected settings variables .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  null   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create a continuous random network vector of f in k[x] .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of the retention hours and initial hours .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  get   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split the given inputs into two inputs .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  split   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the provided partition name .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get all queries in the given jupyterhub .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  select   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convenience function for loading a file and loads it as a train it for it .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  test   urls
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otu from otu file and returns otu dict .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filters   part
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager for creating a test with a subclass of global context .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  make   a
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for the ipython upload a file to the master .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of arguments for a given node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  does   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the directory of the bokehjs source files .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterates over files that match the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   in
truth:  iterates   null

test:  inverts a set of terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   count
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  yields a command .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure the parent directory for a file if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  builtins point for possible sampling .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  fix   expr
truth:  null   values

test:  take a service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  get operator by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  get   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   function
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute a single module from a command-line call .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  uses filter() to get issues url for a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator to make sure a method is running in an instance of a set of tasks .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a load-balancer instance that can be used to call one .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   t

test:  given a url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  int   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively generate prior to the required prior in the required section .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove completely added to the set of completely completely remove from i .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump a strictly runtime .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the buffer to a pre-weight file and writes the specified agent .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  write   null

test:  check if the state is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds the full suite of the given arithmetic methods to the given arithmetic class .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert non-sequence to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  generate characters of range header .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a symbol string into a signed hash .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  hash   markdown
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  starts   one
truth:  start   a

test:  check that vs behaves dont have a inputs .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily report .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   generate
truth:  reports   reports

test:  runs the generic function in an http subprocess .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  run   mock
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that the token type correctly handles a token to cause a token to allow x-api-key to allow the token to cause a token .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   json

test:  remove all possible letters from the host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  makes   ids
truth:  host   host

test:  runs the given shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a fake payment_instruction and set it to the make directory .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   object
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create a protobuf protobuf string based on glance tags .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieve a translations from the given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the route table .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes model attributes from database .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using the given proxy_config_data .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  utility function that called when a new ip has been modified .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if x is a valid point of x curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  return one given dimension is one of the dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  twitter   a
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  returns a human-friendly copy of a set of neighbor points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of lists from the principal and inputs .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from daemon .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  perform   a

test:  a decorator to include a processor prompt for a single module .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   null

test:  remove efficient efficient elements from the output .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert the given config file kind to a config file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to launch the current git repo for the git process .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   version
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get the fake clusters for a given cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that injects a view class out of revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for all losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  returns a generator that yields all of files from a given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a list of boolean field from the passed boolean .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   union
truth:  collects   a

test:  it doesnt choke a user from a wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  check   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  create and return a path from a resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  removes   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a user model from the given settings .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build an api server from a sequence of server .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   master
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given settings .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   tests
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  validates that user has completed permissions .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  check   handles
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if its possible to iterate over enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize all applications in the database .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  wrapper for allowing attributes .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  allow   attributes
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a edge cover of g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  queue the plugin translations for the given plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  check a string name .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  returns a flattened array with all es variables .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  dictionary   copy
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that implements the hash valueerror for a possibly add-on add-on add-on .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  makes a passed color dictionary of linear colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  null   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commits a git repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package id is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  call   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  splits up the rank as a single sentence .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license key .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite integral of a lx function .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  executes a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  remove the directory from the filesystem .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  make   null

test:  function to monitor off threads in a transaction .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  monitor   function
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get directory path to use .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  looks   try
truth:  return   location

test:  return a python module for a module that has been getmodule .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  edit   function
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file with one element per line .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  makes   routine
truth:  make   a

test:  turn open() as one of a matplotlib date .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  text   test
truth:  error   error

test:  turn a list of k into a replacement for each replacement of the replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message with the sqs sqs and uses the sqs .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  returns a dictionary containing a single changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   connection
truth:  return   current

test:  for a given command .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a mobius debug field to a string .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is a decorator generator to mark a function as argument in parallel .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure fromlist is a filesystem .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the maximum attribute dictionary .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theano model that is passed to the shared model .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  order   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  do a direct direct tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the maximum of an image .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load pages .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  iterate   part
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an uninitialized module containing a file-like object .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the maximum power of p in the mid - 1 .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  calculate   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  =   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return true if mode is within a cone sentiment mode .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of active ids of the names on the provider .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detect that the printed oui oui .
truth: override sys . 
test:  function   context
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to determine the versions of the config file .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  return   root

test:  return a matrix index from a sequence of frequency values .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   in

test:  a "left vertices .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new diff dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  strips the matched xml tag from a string .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  prompt   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of boundaries of forward by their corresponding printable value .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true/false boolean indicating if the selinux with super is installed .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determines   null

test:  adds a worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a storage object containing the items of a given instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  release   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the python source file for a given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test the bundle structure for the first word .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  to   test
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  ensure that the column exists in the table with the given table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  this is the thread that isnt one of the settings in the second integer corresponding to the given thread .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  is   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  find the machine holding a request for a given configuration .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  function   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for a install install .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate discovery client using discovery .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generates   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check and invoke proxy file .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 structure from a point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of version names and applying the currently installed version to the list of windows version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a signed signed sample .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  try to get the filename of the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check for a .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pure python document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  turn   reports
truth:  test   test

test:  get the list of available keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  extract a assignment_expression from a page .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a dict of field objects from a template field .
truth: given a field . 
test:  get   call
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a cloud instance .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb cie to short color space conversion .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the string to use in the current request .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this slot prints one after the command line .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates an :class: .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   item
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a callback .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  given   create
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number to a string of characters .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used to local proxy objects for a local process .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   function
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of file names given as a usable file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  pick   installer

test:  parses an entry from a dictionary and returns it .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read written types with inconstent sign .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale for a specific locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a vm to a float of integers .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path to the binary binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  converts   qt
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download an setuptools and download it with a complete location .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this functions parses the html page uri into a string .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a function from a function successfully .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the notation with notation pattern matches the regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to a long string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  return   function
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  raises an exception if the validation matches the given validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  send   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a message string .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  create a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  create   null
truth:  add   add

test:  given a dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  null   number

test:  this hook generates a file source code for the given .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields a basename of paths matching a basename .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiate a class that is a class from a string of time shed .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  add   a

test:  determine the version of the package version .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a list of units or set into a string .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the graph from a residual graph .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  used   null
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the horizontal plot .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  make   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach a message to a given address and send it to its headers .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  converts a string to positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return the descendants of the graph g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  prints out the assistant rows for each table .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the canonical error id for the given code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service on the given credentials .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a string representation of an object .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output of a database should be displayed .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this executes the cli command on the target .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  run   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates an additional auth name using the given auth name .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scans   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a route table given a vpc and a vpc with a given vpc .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   eol
truth:  text   text

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  given a single parameters .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check for a key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of the md5sum for the file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to an integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast an all-zeros argument to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parses a string into a datetime .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  to   attempts

test:  converts a byte order to an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem function for a particular problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove all messages from the database .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password in the account .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the specified kernel module is arch as a container name the name of the file to remove .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  make   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  returns   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  find a controller instance .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a request record for a given feature .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  request   request

test:  handle epochs sequence .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  records   command
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check line numbers for given source code .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  return   line

test:  find the indentation level .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric address in seconds to a tuple in seconds .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that all arguments are the same as the validation for backwards compatibility .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  attempt to open the local data as json and return it .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run command to get specified output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   console
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if text is a builtin python builtin text .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   test

test:  asset asset in this asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   a
truth:  del   a

test:  retrieve containers and target groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the user model instance from the passed user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  null   show
truth:  publish   a

test:  add the next equation value .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  removes a param in a string of text characters .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  mask   normalize
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest addrequest only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  create a dictionary with top data structures for each child nodes of the primary key .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  create   find
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  main function to install all the zip files in a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  creates   print
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new encoding map from the map dictionary .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a lls palette from a a a string .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of python module names from pythonpath .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute containers and number of containers in the database .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and mean .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  return   chi
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an attribute .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  if   method
truth:  get   get

test:  generate figure line number in iplot .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  extracts a list of exercise ids for the learning attribute .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from src to the dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   scenario
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert two image to square image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  update timeline timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  update   correct
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered for the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reads a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets a list with all exploration ids that the given user is subscribed to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins by the given group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the general equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a finder project and returns true if all filters are not already in the list of create one .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  function   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  check if object is a integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determines   null

test:  generates a multivariate multivariate binomial coefficient for a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  create   power
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve the quota usage for a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which adds a test if a memoized method is not a cache record .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format a file system as part of the system .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  null   filesystem
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar of the polar function .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  returns   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine the port number for a single port .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a task on a distribution in the distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  given a polynomial object .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  given a string argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any existing emails .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a new section of the specified images from an existing existing container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test whether the first bytes is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a string with one of the more keys converted to a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  lowercase   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a list of private repos in a certain repository .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  check   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the user is masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper for creating an http response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return specifier specifier specifier .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls per second ready-for-l10n to enable multiple time to max_per_second .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative da on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a string for a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager for getting a single interactive shell .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   command
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the absolute angle of the gamma function or angle along given axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates the current database cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a httpresponse object for the given addon + scripts .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  is   pkg

test:  create an absolute path to a symlink .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns an exception instance configured on uncaught uncaught .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  make   null
truth:  function   function

test:  dimension a gcode file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  dictionary with keys converted to values .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  null   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the target url for a page that matches the supplied arguments .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  build   page

test:  run a test on a slash request .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  if nova is not none then we can add or patch .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  installs the default colormap for each filefield .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  install   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  do not allow systemexit systemexit .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the restful notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether or not we are cron .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a number of text text .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parses   lists
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like providers[provider_name] command with an appropriate process .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  checks   command
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a minion .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  generates the intersection of the user supplied states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach a db db based on the db db .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  redirect   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  set no cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a string for a given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager that serving a ccx of a given ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the summary of singular cases with the correct conjugate can be used with random seed .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  merge a new page that is created from the given pages .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  post   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match the given pattern in the form for the string pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   try

test:  rename a bunch of abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  returns true if the given query is a query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager to set translation translation for all code in a given context .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  fetches   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the current locale format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn a name into a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  return   update
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   function
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns an engine engine term .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  search   parse
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of file is returned by the b-spline package .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  will try to get the current module of the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a map of all of the _schema at the bottom of the program .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  null   null
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items into a relative query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   move
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  determines all certificate alt by python source code .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current asset value of all assets in assets .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  null   load
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initializes the threads with a single feature .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable specified by the version of a subprocess .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the graphs of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks whether a resource is modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   nms

test:  try to find out sudo of sudo .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  backend   returns
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  atomically atomically connection to the file .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a dictionary schema from a possible instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  generates pinv(x) * diag diag * sandwich with 1s and storage_class_specifier .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  null   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all the bricks in the list of bricks that are strings/integers .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a list of the names of all the element which have been created .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get information about the computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   update
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a string-typed property into its respective form .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print all the system details .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves information about an existing resource .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  indicates   file
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a process is running against the pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry all retries in the database .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  if   os
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the lg webos platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  extend to disable user .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  checks if the cidr string is a valid cidr cidr format .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a python pattern or a list to a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  return if host is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a file .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a single http policy .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  get   migrate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets element by their id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  reads a tool path for the given filename .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget is included in the widget .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  check   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric from the specific sine command .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   rfc
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  determine if a task has a custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize the module .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the iscsi server name of the machine .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an command-line arguments for the current process .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the grid of the scalar input .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   serialize
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  replaces   slashes
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypts data using aes .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  encrypt   desktop
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  close the specified issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  authenticate   authentication
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function for the grains parameter .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper parse action for a structured expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the cipher byte string - the cipher value of the cipher created by the cipher byte string decoded aes .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  avoid all values in a dict .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the mode value from the system .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  hex   disk
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxied device cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema for a given schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot each auxiliary plot of a flattened script_name and compute the auxiliary number of likelihood .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plotting   power
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the page to the page can access to the page passed .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a copy of a menu type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  runs   settings
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples required to multiple samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   ctc
truth:  cross   cross

test:  imports a module given its name .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  return a string containing the formatters as a string .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an unsigned word to a destination word .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests retrieving a simple api call .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  return   actions
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach all the enforce enough files in the test .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   program

test:  use the api extracticon to register a tic .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  handle   scan
truth:  send   a

test:  delete a single uuid uuid : string uuid of image uuid : boolean uuid uuid of delete uuid : boolean toggle uuid .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  looks for the grains functions in true if the specified grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator that export the specified above method present in dict .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the virtual environment in the keys for the passed keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  function   function
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns an object that matches the given reference .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  object   object

test:  calls formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task that can be used as a dictionary of tasks .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  format   a

test:  unix to predict .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  move   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  attaches serializers to the method call .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the old rss limit for the given beets limit .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a python object name .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   read
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check the given contents of the qutebrowser plain link .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  remove the end of a string of the given string of the given string of the given string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  null   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html plugin yaml: html support for job requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:copy plugin <sloccount+plugin> plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get gear path output by creation .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  move a full text from its initial letter code to its full letter .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize a nick templates for matching the regex .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add an __future__ .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  change   handles
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript source code of the js field_seq .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  returns   links
truth:  has   js

test:  perform the database operations on postgresql sync version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  presents   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  get syslog syslog .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  long : integer convert a double-precision byte string .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  read   derivative
truth:  write   null

test:  transforms a traceback into a given etymology .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files from path that could be revocation over a path .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the list of action options with the given options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the agent is configured on this host .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  make   function
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a dictionary of languages available in the current context .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  to   manager
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the triangle loops from loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the main entry-point from the script .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  null   point
truth:  running   running

test:  verify that the given class verify the same result is a set of the given class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data about the minion out of the minion .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate ada1 file in the given public-key with the given name and come .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a bulk_data record .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  load   update
truth:  make   a

test:  this function calls a single command on a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is a nnf expression parameters expr : bool or false .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  create returns a configuration string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete namespace that is blank .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed on the given memcache .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against recurrence .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  debugging wrapper for logging .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  simulates a member2 user with a member of a member .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  construct an tag from a string like it .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the sites users that are following the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of python modules containing the directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: a torrent file and return a torrent client .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a lets lets lets want to be a certificate form .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form through the comment form and populates the comment form for a given object .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of existing creator for a particular creator .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  do not display the type .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a paypal html into a list of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all active vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   source
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  list the names of all available lighting cli example: .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  query   null
truth:  null   negation

test:  split and parses multiple hosts from a list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  given   controls
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached cached cached cached cached for a given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  get   frappe

test:  used to load a pickle file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  return   unpack
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the number of args for the function f .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes the guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  solves   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert a string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator over the frames of a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a signal and all its descendants .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return an ssh request can be view for the user .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke precision .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new query object into a list of database .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id of a user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   get
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure expressions can be compared .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a string .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the actual degree of a set of linear regression .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the date as a timestamp string from the http date .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  format   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager which causes a stringio and set it to call stack .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  save   current

test:  open a file dialog inside a connected file .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  open   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas parent parent parent .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a dictionary of classes .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  look   compatibility
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the normal power of the hiera function to binomial .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  complete authentication digest .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a #! line numbers .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the system keyboard for a vm so that it can be handled .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   storage
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists in the keystone catalog catalog .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  check   signal
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends an email using a task with the specified context .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  checks if a string is a valid ip or binary string .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  find the line of the given list of lines in separate line endings .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  does   results
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  when a module is called .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  install   install
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to an absolute path for a directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is a valid string prefix .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  override and return a single existing config .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  return   override
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   null

test:  write quality fasta seqs to pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   sequence
truth:  writes   a

test:  wraps default string in http figure .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  escapes   python
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  ckan function to make it easier to test ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  view   install
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compare non-nan and paths to determine whether non-nan floats are equal .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  like dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from diff of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  if   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  returns a list of project groups that are assigned .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  image with the same likelihood as an image .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert imagename images to the current image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a base url lookup .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does an app app to get a remote server .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  returns a command from the given httpresponse .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  create   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  set   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core w/ the core algorithm .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  build an absolute uri for use in the build api .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish up the given language .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  allow   generator
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  install a ruby implementation with pyenvs shims using a specific ruby ruby the name of the ruby command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  main function for the translatable .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dir

test:  imports and returns a module object .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  verifies given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate fingerprint .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  returns a dict with the roles that are in the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the releases of the most recent episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   lvm
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set for the given value .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  specified   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get shipping summary step in checkout without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use a given agreement to find a given label with boundaries .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  multivariate   a
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a naive fastq record for each fasta and write fastq records for each fasta .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  null   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  validate and hostfromgpu(gpusparseblockouter) keyword arguments .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  updates user in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  if   null
truth:  update   user

test:  return a list of unique elements in the passed string .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  checks if the points are less than or equal to the points .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an object as a single string .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  read in the dictionary of locale locales in the dictionary .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  if a value is not selected .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return the name of the fuzzy module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  to   import
truth:  import   a

test:  helper function to log an indexes .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  prints   helper
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute content of f and return a tuple of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all available applications .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  called   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test for a regression format with an empty object .
truth: test format function . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  format   format

test:  set the content of the cached content type .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  content   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for a series of lists of two lists of hyperbolic objects .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter items based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  estimate power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  estimate   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for the specified exploration from the passed exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load all parameters from this file and return a list of file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   parameters
truth:  loads   null

test:  wrap a function in a debug mode .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating some data that is saved .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  if   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first datapoints datapoints is different from last hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read the unsigned encoded byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  reads   print
truth:  read   a

test:  creates a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  server   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  scale a gcode linear move file or gcode text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a ipc .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  catches   xml
truth:  null   frame

test:  add all the modules to an http list .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   get
truth:  registers   null

test:  update an abandon execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  null   update
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user is masquerading as masquerading for the course .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  turns an error response into a pair .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review review review to a support view .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  view   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   decode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   a

test:  set the channel for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   check
truth:  set   set

test:  this checks that the coverage are set .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release media service discover media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  if   error
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image in the local machine .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see table dropped .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart the specified service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data structures from a callable .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that handles a users password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the n-th path of a simple alias/target of recurrence .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add two importer .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  null   serializers
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to the appropriate module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size in a given cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   cluster
truth:  extract   null

test:  check that we can fit all estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   check

test:  pair of a scalar-like image xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   n

test:  returns html string representation of the supplied value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  look   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base type | base | base | base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   testlist
truth:  null   null

test:  function to get the pdherr code of a given code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  returns   whitespace
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute a file for a certain file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates an event on a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   flask
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a dataset from a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts the code from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  code   code

test:  checks that a password matches the given password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   a

test:  set option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file with the boundary permissions .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return a tuple of the group that has the correct api due to group .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  -   a
truth:  return   a

test:  raise an exception if salt is present in the current request .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the linear n-dimensional image on a numpy image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  return an iterator over all python source space .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  convert   list
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dictionary of original information for a configmanager .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the object values for a given sql query .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   number

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   activity

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version string for the release file .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get data to saved rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a code object for a given *func* .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  null   error
truth:  create   create

test:  creates command class of options for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for each temp .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   number

test:  resolving decorator .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this search index lists into a list .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  converts a relative luminance to a color number .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a join list of tuples in source code .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : blank integer list rparen .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  this function is the string from symbol to convert to integer .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   custom
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts a string argument to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a url by source time a path .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  creates   parameters
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc byte from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   source
truth:  read   read

test:  add a client to the batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in the log space based on the values of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile the dictionary containing python files and build a dictionary containing them .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  removes   compile
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a masters configuration dictionary for the state of the provided data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the shutdown python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  template   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view shows the available users as a detail .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  remove setting changed changed that the user has changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  if   a
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  represent   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  make the minimal cfg for the given manifestations .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  get   create
truth:  create   a

test:  simple simple single entry such that the user is restricted to display .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy a file descriptor to the master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  handle submitting of pip .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  check whether the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the method is present in the method .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  find the log entries for a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add the canonical instead of the string .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  get   a
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of the alignment function .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   size
truth:  byte   byte

test:  given a field name and a guess value .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   try
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate a message at most of the given message .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  return   account
truth:  presents   null

test:  consumes and multi-class the image tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   function
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare the tar data as a protocol for the master and appends it to the tar file .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   call
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all visible specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  sort   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   url
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for configpath .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  init   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a sum of difference according to the given self .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  removes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a unicode source string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  this is a helper function that takes a set of polynomials .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  test   -
truth:  is   n

test:  generate a stream of bytes from a string .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  split the module into a module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  like   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   helper
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  given   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a generator that yields tokens as a new generator .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  perform a core test on all numerical config .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  run   core

test:  label encoding of an rgb image .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  formats   display
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  split a string into multiple sub arrays .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a user .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a command in an out-of-process shell .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules of a package .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default object containing a inserting of the original row .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  dictionary   replacement
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the directory of this collects collects from coerce .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   json

test:  tests that the timezone for no timezone dependencies are provided .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   issue

test:  calls external games for __context__ .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  shows   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the release version string from the release file .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given the clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  returns the leftmost path for each row in the passed node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volumes ips in the host .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dictionary of the various log-likelihood for a given curve .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a dictionary of file names from a given stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  check that the supplied function contains sos sections .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  validate   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  this method combines the limit in the already maps to the google maps to the present pid .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that no special option has the limited package .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  given a numpy array of data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  functions functions of a sequence of integers .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  run a discovery entry in the passed cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  like   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a numeric result type .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  pull   functionality
truth:  convert   a

test:  return effective bundle name .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to get an address .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  name   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all pairs on an elb .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a dictionary of torrents .
truth: s: string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes a cluster of clusters from the provided cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  show the specified network device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  read   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  retrieve the tag set in mapping dictionary for the given tag .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  map   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip file in compressed .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  if   function
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline < a given vector .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  calculates   workaround
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the requests for the specified kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  installs   function
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a tuple containing the unit mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to the current process .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a list of lists for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   start
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the national number of national permissions .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  add a string into a xhtml string .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  register   date
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  create_connection the farthest addons for given addons .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   clone
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the header value of the given header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a string into a single socket .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  does   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  create a new fast test based on the connection .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether two iterators are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  avoid   function
truth:  check   check

test:  check if its possible to make sure it is empty .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  view   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  attempt to find a list of weighted values of a single mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get port information about a container container container container id port port container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   a
truth:  port   port

test:  returns check name or check if check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declarator : struct_declaration_list semi semi .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  generate a bootstrap string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  color   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree to get the tree when it is empty .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean squared absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  does   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  turns an error code into an error type .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of items:: .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  open the config file for a command-line cluster .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  tests   prompt
truth:  let   null

test:  create a native version of type proxy which allows one .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  construct an image of a file using the given switched .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding stack that should be used for a particular p3/qt5 .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  run a jinja server with an imap4 server .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  display   patch
truth:  return   return

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   android
truth:  null   decorator

test:  builds a byte string representation of byte encoded checksum .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  insert   standard
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test reading positions from sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks for .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   window

test:  returns a priceinfo from the local parameters ref : ref a dict or unicode string that is the term attributes .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to parse an iso8601 missing features .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  iterate   statement
truth:  breaks   up

test:  return a string containing a host name .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the event subscription on the given node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  patch an http cache object .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a package using pip install --target .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given a diff set and a new html diff .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  generates   html

test:  return list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running line .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   list
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default exception instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if obj is unicode .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to register a function or method into a public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return line numbers for line numbers that are lineno .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage and b .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of lines representing the indent ids of a list of lines .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  text   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find a path in the given path name .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  routine to get a json http request for a given function .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns result of port as a got .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  make   start
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to frappe official .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  null   app
truth:  set   app

test:  assign an default response to the default redirect .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  makes   checks
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  queries   return
truth:  return   return

test:  release each wheel wheel into the contents of a profile directory .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from final distribution .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   sample
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts a key name to a string for a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  gets the channel for a channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse options from a database .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  collects plugin from a resource metadata .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the paths index of the given color/channel .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  safely load a single object that can safely be looked .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  looks   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return the real tensor of x w as a matrix .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  subtract   x
truth:  null   x

test:  updates the request from cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  return   number

test:  ensure that the matrix is f0 .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list/tuple .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  given a stream object and a stream object .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new server listening to add a given url .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the read read events .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finder can accept a typo file and test in a mapper index .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  create a new super-rename; client .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that shows a socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  log   a
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze a file or directory if it does not exist .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of top top summary of the given language codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test transformations .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   diff
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta value .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  basic contrast .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempts to restore a file and restore it .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags from a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   tags

test:  load a mime file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initializes the threads with a single feature .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  get redis key field from a token .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of attributes for the dicts of the dicts that contain additional dicts as additional attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  refresh   loop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this returns the thread of all the configured sequential dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  view   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   urls

test:  test that cov_matrix works with transformations transformations .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  use   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a random cloud instance .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape & .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   like
truth:  remove   remove

test:  authentication user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  dataframe   a
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  like data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  multiply the fill file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   preface
truth:  null   chamber

test:  a view for handling 500 events .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  display   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  knowledge knowledge items view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the undefine for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  null   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect an http test .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path and returns the datastore name .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   delete
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the regular expression .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  null   null

test:  verifies that the row of delete and queries .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to set the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  checks if the two globalsfilter names are supported by the specified filters .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  compares   replace
truth:  keep   null

test:  do a series of functions with the highest elements .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   state
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  to   method
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  display a repository against the /etc/opkg/* .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  load   details
truth:  enable   enable

test:  redirects the user to the url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  null   build
truth:  writes   a

test:  generates an immutable pdf of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  calculate whether it is usually below assumes we have a inverse of time series with consecutive covariance matrix parameters loss_or_grads : array_like .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  import all python files in current database .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a list of options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  takes   function
truth:  list   list

test:  path - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  reauthenticates a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without unicode .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  open a command to a given show level .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  transforms   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   infer
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration registration from given templates .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   node

test:  filter one or more digits of a list of point .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   websocket
truth:  try   try

test:  filters out fn .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  remove   a

test:  t loglikelihood given basis and weights for points .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  transform a string containing a nominal attached to the end of the file in pty-req format .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  use   proxy
truth:  given   a

test:  generate all empty manifest for a protocol buffer .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable an nginx site for a site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a foreign field from a foreign keys .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fix some stuff in the document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  fix   set
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns the given html with all values stripped .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line argument .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure its easy to make sure that attempts to access a type .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  sets   test
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a step decorator to a given step if the views is made .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  submit   djangos
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  creates a action for the given url in the bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the desktop .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file with one entry containing the form of a certain representation of its authors representation .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  points   repr
truth:  serializes   null

test:  returns true if the gravatar url has a gravatar email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  email   null
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform a yyyy-mm-dd extension module .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby of the ruby to use as set .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a single rule based on the given rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  command   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if the required root is installed .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  asserts   python
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  tests a doctype that should be called without colors .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  to   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string from a template string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look up a kernel parameter in the kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  return   code
truth:  importing   try

test:  test if the request is the view .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the family families for the current request .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the user is currently active or false .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  testing   testing

test:  computes the output window .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  formats   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update column order of columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist with a read set in u .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  if   plotting
truth:  test   len

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  argument_expression_list : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  verifies that the given node is a input .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a path into a platform-neutral specification and all empty intermediate .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all branches have a group .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user has complete complete .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  return a python string representation of a python string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escape   convert
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns transifex list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  splits code and text and splits it into the form of the content docstring .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  list   list

test:  return a cache key for the avatar .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks all items in v1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function normalizes a bug in the input array x along x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  check the reorient starts with the given number of reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all inverse are present in the list of formset .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes file to robust file .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one errors .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  use of @hosts only .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  step   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  find all values in seq1 which are not in seq2: i .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  iterator   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representing the given transport and prepare the network purchase .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag corresponding to a default tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  read a crop crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test a grid against an image and plot it against the given images .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the path to the ninja plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  efficiently correct auto where the frequencies of points in a bilinear of auto normal reference .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string like b12 .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   pylint
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a valid hostname .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads and normalize the contents of the given url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery config in a celery thread .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  simulates   acl
truth:  configures   configures

test:  determine whether the callback is a valid callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the file stats from the system .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  name   stats
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test hugs signature - is definition .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  function   test
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller for budget_location .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  raises a proper time error if there are any issues issues .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a geometric lost function based on provided period parameters x: : pandas .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a copy of the provided viewpoint object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a module from the name of a module .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new data to the database .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   song

test:  convert elements into a range of tuple .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a db object .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sets up the minute changes in the chassis .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  call   get
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity reference to the given model .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute that the function and return whether the function is supported .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  runs   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read and store the environment variables .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  call   event
truth:  to   connect

test:  if a column has a column right header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  this method gets vrouter signal and returns vrouter when the cli exists .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  list   return
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  render   a
truth:  append   a

test:  remove the beacon database .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  look   run
truth:  get   get

test:  find the top level counter for each line in source .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the appropriate featurewise norm of an array at featurewise .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  takes a simple undirected graph g and returns a list of nodes on the target vertices .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  most test execution entry point for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator for tests which receive a log query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the readout for the readout .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder qurl from a finder module .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  represent a packed address as a packed packed packed .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  if   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  removes   users

test:  decorator that calls text only contains html chars .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the image path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  replace %xx escapes by their single-character equivalent .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   heightgrid
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  get the type of the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  store configuration and values from a configuration value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  replaces   multiple
truth:  copies   copies

test:  set up the specified kernel .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  run   list
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a signature matches the certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the url to a bootstrap theme if none .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to a file in newick format .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  builds a string by replacing a string by the given number of characters in a range .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  given an api_key line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the alternate axis of the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   assert
truth:  set   set

test:  converts an integer to hex string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the module in the python path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  check   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files in the directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  start the test cases for no given runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   testcase

test:  run a list of requests of requests over the given threads .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  t-test t-test entries in binary representation of multi-dimensional data .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the module and return the module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check for a list of lists .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find a user id and return it as a new environment .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the guest additions has been removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   state
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a subdictionary from a mysql server .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  return   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get unpacked double double double double double .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  serialize   sequence
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns ranking managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set movie title where the movie player player should render its video output .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an array of 2d image to a 2d numpy array with the discrete triangular element of y#n .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   block
truth:  update   update

test:  return the current kvm vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distance from wx .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer events or renders the appropriate cover .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  track   states

test:  get the token from the given http body body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the bfs of the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function returns the number of range(n) .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts any argument in a string to its boolean .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats token bytes .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  function   hash
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   feature

test:  find the elements of a sequence in a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush the emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  given   email
truth:  email   email

test:  gives a solution of expressions as two expressions .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  make   null
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  null   range

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if specified port is none .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to check the currently passed as a function by the wrapped function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compare the entropy of a qk and optionally qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the requested preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard probability density function of a random expression .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   deviation

test:  require github user to folder .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  function   uses
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for the pretty-printing of a list of names .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  bug --> [0 .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a users user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  request   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a different frequency degree to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  return the kendall tau given list of pairs .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  if interacting fails .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  run   a

test:  retrieve all package paths from a package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup instance to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string representation to a string of characters as a string .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  input   number

test:  helper method to catch a request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  like   question
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the first item in a string that matches the first .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  does   version
truth:  issue   a

test:  get profile avatar for a user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the app for a given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   json

test:  try to import and module into global module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that get_sun works with lots of matmul .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make up creation creation of parameters .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  marathon   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object from s3 file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  starts the grains of the grains ensures that the pillar with the same time as the specified pillar value .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree format .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  do   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi server with a given server .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  create a continuous random graph of f in k[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  converts   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  build a class instance of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  null   version

test:  use nltks nltks on a queue or a dictionary .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   a
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a twos derive of x given expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   derivative

test:  this decorator wraps django .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the circular correlation matrix for a moments of params .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  creates the s6 interfaces from ifname on ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two strings equal to a rational number .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  is   sign
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from a range header .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a recomputes status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   no
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action button to allow profile" .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome strings that have the least one of the files in the static files that contain a list of strings .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  sends the ask to the ask .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the exceptions for the curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  this is to serve files off of st .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  null   a
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a url if a user has a watch .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  null   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a postgres exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  return   aggregate
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  mock data from singular .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  null   component

test:  add sinusoidal stats that may be associated .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   shutdown
truth:  add   add

test:  normalize utc datetime as iso8601 .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes an existing pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   function
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container name is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   up
truth:  raise   null

test:  add the distance between the vectors .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  moves   handles
truth:  apply   apply

test:  either x values and y values .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  rollback   call
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  extracts a python source file from a python function and returns an array of python built-in .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  function   version
truth:  performs   a

test:  check for type type this is not supported on python 2 .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a ctypes tag of the supplied getifaddrs .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  index   function
truth:  null   null

test:  given a pair of nodes from a single task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches a memcache by a given id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the inverse header for each sff header in the file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  convert a long integer into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  return   return

test:  force the feed request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  executes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  updates   returns
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  the smallest integer k such that the key is >= .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing evoked objects .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   equality
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parser parser .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a cloudwatch mounttargetid .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  checks that all present groups are present in the configuration .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given flask parser .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  joins urls with urls .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  make   urls

test:  load an image from a file as a numpy array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  return   -
truth:  features   features

test:  test icon with identifier set icon .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   endpoint
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open out multiple ways from a server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  get the python code at offset at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results of a dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation setting for the column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   upgrades
truth:  set   set

test:  add lightening .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check whether the element has the text of the current page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   click
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl hash for a before_request or a list of ssl validation .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  build   build

test:  check for log .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  try to configured private key from the given target/ident/fn url .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = b .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper method for defining hex strings .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  return number of lines in the file .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  count   get
truth:  null   counting

test:  update a container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print an exception asynchronously .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string using rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories from within the display .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  if   null
truth:  show   a

test:  marks up any project in project as a view .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled completed for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the specified name to the given redirection .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  int   null
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  return   show
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a batch of the given axis to an axis .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the fasta thing in 4 .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  reads   print
truth:  read   data

test:  get channel types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   git
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the response is a head response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test reorder of cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes a string so that it can safely be quoted .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  quotes   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the default namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako keywords .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   generator
truth:  extract   messages

test:  regression test for url ensures that the html columns of a column columns columns with mixin columns columns in the html columns .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a floating point equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  sets the result of a given option .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  function   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  get all installed apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   python
truth:  sync   custom

test:  gets an account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a host string and partition it to the given host .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  host   host

test:  check that an rfc 822 files can be rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the default feedback url for a user .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  lookup   lookup
truth:  null   a

test:  first use the module to add pupy modules to the module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test the htmls subject to the subjects report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   handles
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts a stream from in_stream using the specified stream .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert an image file .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  matches   filter
truth:  convert   image

test:  take a parsed repository and return a repository that is marked as a repository .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to stderr and then terminates .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  displaying   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user has the same parameters .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  replaces   redirects
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a local local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  read   json
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extend the image by converter it to perform perform "packages" .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  keeps   uploads
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a bootstrap string as a file .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  return lists of lists of items in expected list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  modify projections to none .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates a configuration file with a site .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  get a ceilometer client for the passed vm data .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path of the module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  checks if the next scheduler is run .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   -
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do the input string conversion of an array .
truth: if possible . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  joins a string as one figure .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  construct   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function wraps a went that returns a string that wraps an exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   retry
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the value is of choices .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  lookup   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the size of the network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date like socket .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets a dictionary of feedback form .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  given   current
truth:  extract   null

test:  a string to a native string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  truncates   null

test:  find a stats of a given sequence of data .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   deserialize
truth:  return   return

test:  given an identity pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns number of num date in a lorem string .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of header parameters into a dict .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for the admin importing .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images in a given folder with the given directories .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   set
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns parameter image policy based on flavor/image .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  checks if an upstart upstart is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  do   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package status .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  null   system
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure a function pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a task .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a binary pdf of a png instance .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  writes a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates a circle intersection .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  create   iso
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge the given element and look the first node of its children .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  close   function
truth:  removes   null

test:  serialize the given file in the given setting to an s3 file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  converts   serialize
truth:  process   process

test:  get a path with each component the cubic .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a document from a string of home assistant files .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make the tests below a module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   null
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to find the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the last dimension .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts the cpu seconds to a megacycles .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an subdirectories subdirectories for w3af to the scripts directory .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  call   build
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor publish sitemonitor test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   field
truth:  null   null

test:  release a previously added string to a key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes a dictionary of tuples and converts it into a single multidict query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   style
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  test   output
truth:  is   null

test:  logs the login wrapper and redirects the login action to the login form .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  endpoint   redirect
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a parametric parametric prefix .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  launch the detected tool files .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  command   new
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line of the original function .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  time   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   prints
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import module given a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  tests that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled in a folder labeled dont dont dont have a folder when they dont have
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  returns the field type given the model class .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the vlan id for this vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  takes a list of elements in which are in the sequence seq .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the data from a file of the given merge into the file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   downloads
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata for each module in the module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  if   mapping
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check to make sure a string is compatible with a single space character .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  s   s

test:  gets the person tag of a given tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  null   text
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a remote host to a remote host using the scp command .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  url   a
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dictionary of player stats for a particular player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  generate the value of the hex digits in the given number of fractional waypoints .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  function that converts a dictionary of numbers into a flat dict .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  looks   alembic
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the bridge output list from the authentication audio device .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  elementwise return the default reciprocal of the function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  returns   softmax
truth:  null   alias

test:  maximum absolute difference between two points .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a search rank from a description of the given ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  search   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a plain string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extract   a

test:  generate the dependencies dictionary for a repository via its repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  collect   install
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   start
truth:  start   start

test:  use paramiko to send paramiko to paramiko .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  run   null
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated function has been called .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to given table field in given toplevel_dir .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds and returns a volume from a specified volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   new
truth:  null   null

test:  group a sequence of keys .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  ensure   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a module is exclusively .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   completion

test:  check that an input value is stored in the given expression .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  cancels cancels in a dict .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  sets   ticks
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of lists for each user is not a list of lists .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  get   get

test:  an addition on the defined host .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  checks   s3
truth:  check   check

test:  get a directed sysctl .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  randomly select a replacement from the pwd distribution .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets a due date on a student for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_orientation accepts a valid default linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  train a monitor .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of i/o .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   function
truth:  io   io

test:  make a randomsymbols .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the short-time or a dialog .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  relative condition using the action in inclusive time series .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  is   decimal
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors from the next thread .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  prompt   up
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates an anonymous banner with the given banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   message
truth:  create   create

test:  r^2 the function of the block function .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  reduce   fit
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a new volume group by its name .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a ctypes remove k: k: k: k: .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gauss-laguerre quadrature .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a bookmark user usage usage .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the decorated decorator .
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a friendly handler for alternative targets .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  registers   running
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  raise an apts apts between a repository and optionally a client .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  if   number
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator for running the old signal .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  show   null
truth:  context   context

test:  send a unpickling task and task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  swap   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a node is in the special special context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  if   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a colorscale where each colors is a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the distance from the latitude/longitude .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  determine whether we should recreate the given date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorate a function to create a list of commands .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  takes a comparative or a list of dicts and returns a corresponding string .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a filtered argument passed to the expected argument .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   fixture
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the region code for a request based on its request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get a list of active user names .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   refresh
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a httpresponse that encodes the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if all the files have a set of files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  file   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get an object by name .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  given the offset in the offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extension file by removing it returns a list of extensions that are not extensions that should be considered as defined by the extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a file to a list of subtitles .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the kullback-leibler .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  does   null

test:  set the http header to download a file .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  run   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a dask array in the passed in stdlib .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch the gravatar url for a single email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the circular mean along the specified axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge challenge to use for the current thread if it is not none .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  scans   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  debugging message .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a numpy array to a human readable size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator for adding a method or a lock to a test .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  construct an index page containing the rendered index for videos .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of application .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  name   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generate a team of the given team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return plugin as a json string .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  computes the absolute value of a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the given node is a abstract method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for the stk500v2 programmer .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  copying copying paths and tries to get the flat list of rows .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the setting of a setting are valid for the given settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts an oauthtoken url into an oauthtoken tuple .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  this is a fixes implementation of pivot that do not change pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  use   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts utf-8 strings in a signed byte string to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  read   chunks
truth:  takes   null

test:  initializes the random seeds seed as the random number generator in the python interpreter .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts a de to normal form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits kinds by fullname .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the best match .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the virtual ip for the smtp virtual connection .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random string of whitespace characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange the given list of services for each service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a circle nodes from a circle .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts the string argument to a string using the ranges .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the given string as a unicode string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   null
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the user has specified name matching the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fallocate value for a given file .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  function   print
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of properties to a comma-separated filter by tuple .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  displays all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive into a file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the packed working on the ifname between ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to a tree in the book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a nice as returned by the add-on .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   filter
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new random distance between two hash strings .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry when a shut down an old urls .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  null   source
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  creates a multi-index uuid from a dao wiki .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  get   uuid
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a post request .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a signed request .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  collect the target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  get   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default production file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   event
truth:  test   event

test:  for each trace in the stack .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  does   run
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for adding a list of hosts to the element of a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  file   return
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a link to the given page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update manifest from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup a sony gateway sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search for use in a given string of hsub .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   null
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the app .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   config

test:  updates up and task_state in state .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  configure   session
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   item
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a qpointf to a time .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from a fif file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unzip   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a class object .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when a user already exists .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  make   working
truth:  working   working

test:  append an iterable of length-1 to an url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of a user .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a column string from a column by name .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  return   lookup
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert a string keys in bytes to a string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the datadir locs .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  downloads   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  return an issue18171 .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration percentage of configuration percentage .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  read   encode
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return the tree of the entry_points clustering of the passed matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the circular mean of the current function .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return the solution for a solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  accepts x .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   x

test:  resets the user requests in shuffled .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  if   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confine   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  reports the message to the next page change .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  force   line
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check using latex build .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  null   point
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal array from the cupy vector .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of the edge keys that are allocated in g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a url is running or not .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests notimplemented file for a regression test .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  accept   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  basic encoding support .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the worktree is supported and supports worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the public key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going through the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow confirmation of confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  null   logs
truth:  view   view

test:  replace all the tail of a text inside a text string .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  verify if a class is metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  switch logistic logistic to switch given observations and switch .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the given html with values in the jinja property .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  grants adjacency paths .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  format   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decorate a function to invoke and deserializes it from json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  uses the given tarball in the given file-like object to create a tarball in the given file as a tarball in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  calculates the schema for each schema defined in the given module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  given   method
truth:  return   a

test:  get information about an lvm volume devices .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   get
truth:  known   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   star
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find a given node that is a parent node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab the test files in the js directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns metadata from the provided object .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences for the user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  is   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  given a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   a
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a suite from a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise exponential minus a theano tensor variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  unicode   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that wraps the decorated function as identical .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  provides   sync
truth:  return   a

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  runs   set
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of child classes of the string .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  traverse   i
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease ip address on an instance .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute text from a file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to execute art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   launch
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts the given ip string to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of the current ascii key .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read in the files that should be used to linking the given file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   everything
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  matches   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create the given path for a theme by removing a theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  check   a
truth:  link   link

test:  detects program .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  find   find

test:  calculates the size of human readable size that should be human readable form for human readable representation of human readable form representation .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a id string for use in the vm property .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the circular variance of data .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name that created a readlinebridge .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write a fif source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  converts a number to a hex number .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  take a list of process and return a string of command-line statistics .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  process   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a string to an integer according to the locale settings .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  null   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses data using data into gzip and debug level .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  log-likelihood of x .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  get a client-side queue for a given user .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  model   model
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a taxon taxon aliased aliased .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a symbol zone from a pair of tcp tcp .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  check that the whitelist with the specified whitelist are assigned .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  log   log

test:  create a template file using the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover switches .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  find the last item of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to the requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all the data passed into the function .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the locale in the contextual .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  sets   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify data into float activations of 3 connected to sequence of length 3 .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  print the contents of an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  null   text
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional frt for an x integer n .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  null   role
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that the available credentials exists .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  default   null
truth:  load   data

test:  shut down the specified parameters .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  start   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check whether date matches a date in which a date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the name of the api .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a given property and returns a list of all the bytes .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper for :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  handle move widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  needed   widget
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the image of a binary image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  const : const field_type identifier .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   connection
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert a qcolor to a list of brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to all the state .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  multiply the fill file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print a file with given log .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  dumps   log
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  sets   changes
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete an keystone credentials cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert the input to rrggbb .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the bootstrap is in the *true* given a given word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the jenkins descriptor to a string .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   compute
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref this function returns dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that the right reserved is built .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  default   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  dump all riak documentation cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the default standard strength of the user .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update or create a quota resource type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  update   volume

test:  to sleep to sleep .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  list   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  given the parameters as input .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  null   in
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  function   one
truth:  test   test

test:  executes the given name .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of the norm power .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  look up an option if a value is present in an option and the value is not greater than the were given .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  return   checkbox
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set options from switch .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array to a numpy array containing a numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set user cookies if request has permission to do one .
truth: set g . 
test:  get   a
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container from a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstraps   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  flushes app for sigusr1 .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  wrap the given input with the required prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  file   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  update   a

test:  find file access to the current port of the random location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  implement   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a long description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the regexp type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  convert a binary string into a hex encoding .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  null   s
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns the contents of the entire alignment alignment .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a set of nodes in g to all node pairs for a given dominating and all of the nodes in g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a fragment for the given path using the binary binary .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a uniform stdev root for a given distribution .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj using json and kwargs .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  read   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline paths .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  download a release group and return the front group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one clip .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  writes a indentation to the system path .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a deferred from a given socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  tsdb remove the tinymce command .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all dependencies of a repository from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  imports a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate kindofgarch sample from kindofgarch parameters ar : array_like nobs : array_like autoregressive : array_like nobs : array_like autoregressive : array_like sample nobs : array_like sequence of white query_followed polynomial
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  causes a student in a student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  given   null
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set up the default forum and returns a list of fields that contain a thread .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  called   null
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a path from an object .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the longest cosine in the middle of the given sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given command is a protocol .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments in given request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   document
truth:  update   update

test:  mixed mixed log files .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  return   rss

test:  get source data .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  get   read
truth:  to   helper

test:  get all namespaces with the same arguments .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  install a package with no or more mount exactly one .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  install   a
truth:  require   conda

test:  a method to set the locale for a given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  is   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  registers an admin extension module in the configuration file .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   extension

test:  time series using unicode_obj instead of an array .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  given a file path .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  does   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the auth .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  checks whether a string is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the number of characters in an html string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  install a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates reading reading reading data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use this function .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   upgrades
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle webhooks from github api .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   api

test:  generate weighted choice of choices based on the bits of the function .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  get sqs currently set on an ec2 instance .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   iterable
truth:  get   a

test:  send a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts the qubit string to a matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if value is a re .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write all the readline to the history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  given a dictionary of parameters .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  load   characters
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry prepare dry for dry requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   pmd
truth:  null   null

test:  return what update the specified jail or overridden jail cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values from the passed submissions .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate camel-case name from a safe string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the list of object objects for the given object .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source code .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  return   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  extracts a query based on the brains of a word .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validates a validator value using the provided validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a small python class to create a report in a given format .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  is   messages
truth:  hook   hook

test:  modified version of poll_for .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   try
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a class instance suitable for use in encrypt .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get all instance types belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   a
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for opennebula configs .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an auth url to the url if not already present .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   auth

test:  determine if the value is of a number .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  creates a linear shared transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  returns   theano
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns a ctypes tree of the given tree of the given tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the categories of categories that are available .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  read   alternate
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a reciprocal server from a return until we translate a port .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a user from the given organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove all users that have the rest api .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that a record can be sent as a line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  string   end
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  converts python object into a marshallable type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  internal helper function to convert an internal => repository => => => style object .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  called   null

test:  generates standardized power function .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   legendre
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a explicity field of the provided field .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  given   a
truth:  take   a

test:  set a single host for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  set   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  deletes a new secgroup cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long integer into the corresponding micropennies micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  null   price

test:  try to pci all the dimensions on a set of image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  show   python
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a list of n random number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  utility to create a unregisters that inherits from a http response .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a list-like type .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   service

test:  turn an object into a normalized expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  asserts   reverse
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample prediction map .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  show map data .
truth: map command . 
test:  show   null
truth:  command   command

test:  install a cli cli example: .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  generate a list of tuples in a recognized tensor .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  correlation   name
truth:  finds   null

test:  support function for functions that exhausts the arguments passed into a string .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  given   function
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a vpc of vpc currently active module with the given vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract messages from http source file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   message

test:  ensure x is passed as a y y .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a multi-dimensional figure with the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of the currently registered payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  read a document of *val* .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  wraps text to prevent text from a pager queue .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the partitioned browse by the table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning message .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  whether file two ranges are identical and b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   try
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the such that each such as long .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a editing model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  when a configmanager has been changed .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  test   python
truth:  code   code

test:  retrieve role names from remote server .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   role
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the magic locale string .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  provides   compute
truth:  if   null

test:  test corrmat from a string of randomize .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   yann
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object for the smtp virtual machine .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place specified order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  collect   returns
truth:  place   place

test:  given an specified policy .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the enocean component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that injects a class with the same class as abstract .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a pull request to be sent in github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  list   integer
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dump the content of the content that an active content .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  writes   return
truth:  format   format

test:  calculate metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that a actual actual file is present as a list of strings .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   multiple

test:  invoke a kapacitor volume from a specified port; .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  output   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the trace from the trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  compute   try
truth:  return   return

test:  update unusable apps .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a directory .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  show all lvm config .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the task accepted by rate pending users .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  convert any unicode string into a unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns a lambda function representing a tgrep2 search result in a tgrep2 search string .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  helper function to return a list of invalid values .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   source
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  step   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  reauthenticates a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  password   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  empty function using a expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  tile a path for a display .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  return   path
truth:  gives   null

test:  5: = docssample .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  runs a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the default value of a function .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  used   function

test:  url existing use of a users editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  adding   null
truth:  tests   editor

test:  helper method to get the default gcs gcs for a given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of lists of mean in the first letter .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  horizontal reconstruction where all the zeros are zero .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  null   length
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes the logging level to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   a

test:  connect to the nearest slices for source files .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   source
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a dict of random bits over an element .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  send   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  verify the secret of parameters which are provided in the secret .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  mask   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine the current user for the given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  handles comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  looks   lock
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts an in: string to a signed integer .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert iterable x to str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  accepts   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  updates the specified schema .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   database
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a cgi application script .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  make   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the cumulative distribution function of the expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  get the connected connected perspective on the remote server .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  block   print
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver name and determine the disk driver if they are on the specified driver or is not a virt .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   difference
truth:  pick   pick

test:  while while a explicit segments is created with a group .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   wrapper
truth:  model   a

test:  set value in dictionary if unset is none .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a handle to the dev label label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  gets   parses
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists lx playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  splits   open
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  sets   multiple
truth:  starts   null

test:  force a value to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  return   name
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate a resource as a string that require a resource object .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents a batch action to a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   a
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a salt job id .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a tuple of symbol .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  given   list
truth:  split   split

test:  get messages in a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   messages
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the fastcommentedheader reader should always be ignored .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file back to a zip zip zip zip file .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a regular expression pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  parse   try
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return dictionary of lists from a single graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a dictionary of the support data .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 410 status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  start   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for the executable file .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get equated comma .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile file and return the base64 encoded key .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if user is assigned to access .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download a new notification for a derived request .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  view   null
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a tool looks like a tool we want to use .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads config file and returns a configparser object .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  displays a message to the user .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all the catalogs objects in a buffer .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra version of a cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  index   show
truth:  show   show

test:  clients clients .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   null
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade setuptools and python 2 .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  ensure   work
truth:  work   work

test:  creates a new index dict .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieves the ipv4 address in a network address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  take   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  checks if a user is present and is a cron mask for installation .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies if the request is a custom hash .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a field value and its formatting versions .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the given version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  validates a color or raises an exception if its not found .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validate   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict of matching identifiers .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  given   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the specified key is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  uploads the application to the filename .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  check a dotted name .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  context manager for writing the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  save   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the specified headers to the vary response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  gets   headers
truth:  adds   null

test:  locate the given url by loading the default url to the hashes process .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  opens   a

test:  poll a remote host to the login server .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  retrieve metadata associated with the given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  check   config
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the directories under the minion .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read the reflog file as a generator .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the file upload the filename case is uploaded with the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  given   a

test:  return a line based on network_id line p2 and b .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  convert   nodes
truth:  null   null

test:  compute fourier transform for a int_0^oo or a int_0^oo .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a scipy size in any input array to convert a dense numpy array .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the given attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a recognized recognized values for the given list of dependencies .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel of two continuous variables parameters d1 : array-like .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  prints out text using the given text .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  adds   functions
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a free number of devices .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  demonstrate of c module when no default is created .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  if   function
truth:  null   python

test:  return a dict containing the diff of the file .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  diff   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  computes   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against nm variables parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  check a stemmed stemmed made by bup on a introns of sharing .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is protected .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  performs   in
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  default   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  like   optional
truth:  null   null

test:  mime-type only supports one of the grade grade problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is a string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validates   html
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all services that match the specified query .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  search   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler on a file .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  removes all matching containers in the required containers from the defined containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  getstatementrange -> str return a getstatementrange .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   length
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  determine if a file exists and will be read .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the files in the database .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a l{deferred} of functions that have already been viewport .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  loads a slug list for a raw list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students in an s3 bucket and upload the csv to an s3 bucket .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the http ttl at the given url with a transport .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a set of sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the element attribute dictionary and element it to the decimal value .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  compute a closure of a supplied objects by the same as the function name .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set the contours to be used as a contour .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs iterative checks on a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find a service by its name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   find
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level lines with two blank lines declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  l{deferred} l{deferred} using the provided return value and configure them .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  select   a
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the code for the failure .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   function
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the seed diff with the seed standard gaussian .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  tests   compare
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a security_attributes instance which is installed by the project .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer into a timestamp .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds the specified headers to the vary page of the given flask response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  header   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  group a sequence of values by values into a dictionary with pairs .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a random game of the number of items .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a vlan string which is not in the given netns .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options used for the current thread .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a link is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts basestring to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   =
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment name for a given server name .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts a dictionary of keywords from a lexer string .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  tests that use the test os .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  set   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  the main function .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  does   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  freeze the pip version of the pip release version .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  check   data
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set the class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dict of tasks where the task statuses was created .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  generate a fnpickle instance .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  gets   trace
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  provided for a rule .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a iplayer object from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy network .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the existence of the message .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a endings of functions which generated from keyczar .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the similarity of the two numbers .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  testing   testing

test:  updates an existing asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   update
truth:  update   update

test:  solves 1st order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using a substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} = substitution variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global ui component .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  prevent   override
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test decorator .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  run   run

test:  whether server is handled by a http response code .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get the notify notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the hidden version of the certificates for selections .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   get
truth:  package   package

test:  helper to return the desired subnet when deciding a subnet .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a processed dtype for the given type and dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  determine   host
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks if language is messages .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  provides   import
truth:  translated   returns

test:  harami pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   star
truth:  block   block

test:  test event handling .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   configuration
truth:  test   test

test:  python 3 when modules is a tree .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write all key-value in this harness .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   multiple
truth:  output   output

test:  get the the private key for the user .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  have   null

test:  get a slightly different python function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given an iterable of source strings .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  call invoke with an optional call .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for defining a list of expressions .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates the specified quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the name of the profile image .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the user name of the users locale cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper function that coerces a method that invokes a dotted view for a method with a trailing argument .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a shell-like pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if 2 is installed .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   print
truth:  function   function

test:  read the value of the given string from the given fork name .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   traceback
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of urllib .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a parameter and return a dict of .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is not too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for import tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the block storage device from a server .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  block   a

test:  split the title from a src file into the left representation .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  use   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  multiplies decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   weights
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a subscription into a pair of python objects .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  set   service
truth:  context   manager

test:  export all of the files in a files to a files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the filter in a forward .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  for each row of development .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  function   get
truth:  compute   image

test:  maximum of array elements over a given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  modified   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the split split by instantiating .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the rendered widget name .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   a

test:  private interface to a queue and get the items from a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert file size in bytes into human readable human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the quota command .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   quotas

test:  start start and null expansion in the given template .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  -   -

test:  ensure that the given words matches the given words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  check   google

test:  default unicode handling .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   cluster
truth:  if   null

test:  update a user with a equivalents keychain .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  update   update

test:  set a list of all layers on the system .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  vectorized version of partial tool with a positive positive serial first .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   regression

test:  executes the given command in the simple dictionary of values .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   update
truth:  nested   update

test:  set the assignment of a given cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of the list of numbers .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  internal method to get the public certificates for use in configuring .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  store all media files made by a resource on the document provided .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   delete
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to get a sparse matrix for a sparse binary using a sparse matrix .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a local setup for a local package .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  run a python stream based on the jpeg standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   method

test:  split the keyword arguments from its keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   re
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  object   a
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout and write the message .
truth: output a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the defined root .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance playback title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries that merges the given entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  take   links
truth:  merge   merge

test:  resolve a del name and returns an absolute name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  resolve   a

test:  determine if the file name is unique .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  iterate over a list of entry_points .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and delete .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the named cron job is absent .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get a frame class from a passed in .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  return   item
truth:  get   a

test:  deprecated in the al .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  warn   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  read the low-level details of the category .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  used to gather the profiler log file for the project .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   get
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transform a k[x] polynomial into past .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  transform   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a proxy function for making a proxy .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   number
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  function decorator that pauses tracing function in a http state .
truth: run some function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  run   run

test:  setup a hyperion sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search default ddir for paths to use for new user .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ip address on a server .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the path to a data path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a new interface to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   addition
truth:  bind   bind

test:  works like application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  time   a
truth:  display   a

test:  delete a kapacitor task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  uninstall   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper to call a request .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  password   null
truth:  null   a

test:  removes outer whitespace from the input string .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  write analyze output .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the s s between the given list of values .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  gzip an entity file into a csv for each csv .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   html
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   null
truth:  allocated   update

test:  generates an rpc for a configuration from a configuration .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint in the cluster to a cluster checkpoint file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  null   aggregate
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with gumbel distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits nested data into a timeseries of each group .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  generate a truth value for a given set of values .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an aws connection for the specified service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  tests that the tpot detection is completely empty .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a tmul .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  find   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  helper method to find resources in the absolute resource path to the device .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  tests social plugin ordering .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   links
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to ensure that a method is logged in one of the operations object .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  name   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the matrix inertia between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that optional keys in dict to check to check optional keys .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new volume cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear log-likelihood learning learning to general .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   integer
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path for the specified local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  uses   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return whether value is a byte .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  given   shortcut
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a python interactive on a given shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   run
truth:  write   null

test:  get iterator of lists of errors from a sequence of lists .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  format   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  grab   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the filesystem archive that is currently active .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  subtract   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in the file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set a block scalar in a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  changes changes based on a path .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  retrieve   fetch
truth:  return   volumes

test:  connect to an discovery entry in the database .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the rectified of an image at the specified axis .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   compute

test:  count the value in a copy of a string .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape partial url according to the url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a sympy expression lookup .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  add   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  this view is for getting item from the database .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes mapping file sizes to files parameters tree : string sample sizes .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  parse the plugin function for a specific plugin function .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set the subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test the average specificity ignored .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta ridge by performing a beta function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  estimate   gradient
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return path base path name .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept for the given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  look for a file in the python installation file .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  locate   copy
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator for checking if a user is logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this returns a look for a set of linear locally .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   seq
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the and install and install importer .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is file-like and can be generic .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  check   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  turn a simple functions into a mode of zero' .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer argument to its uint .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the video internet internet internet subtitles .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   factor
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve cache information about projects projects .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   predicate
truth:  projects   projects

test:  check if a set of patterns that match matching one or more patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decodes a base64 encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   returns
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a json representation of a course certificates for the course via the specified course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that no args is created with a app .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  this function makes sure the default text is very enough .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  text   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  get the base path for a base path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  simple wrapper to release common prefix .
truth: format sys . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array of values .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  sending aws .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   truncate
truth:  wrap   a

test:  compute the activation function given .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the version is available and is using the version numbers and the version number table available .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  check   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a dacl and push it to each directory on the master directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that a given option is present in the ensure that should be present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total total points counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  marks the location and disables the image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  updates an exploration with the given user_id and update its profiles .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list of strings to a single space .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  list   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  show   a

test:  the kinetic function .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  computes   dimensions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  filename   filename
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current default app instance .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  enable   set
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface interface to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all the permission classes for a given section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  display   get
truth:  search   search

test:  check whether obj is a filelike .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  selects a new google cloud dns device from the expected device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   device

test:  set all python keys in the memcache to memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  is   return
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of temp .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the specified service is disabled cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  require   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is the default access key represented by the test .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   name
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a 3d or inverse of x is not knot for use with numpy data not be converted to a numpy array of the f**2 .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid for a container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data on a specific selinux .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   get
truth:  run   run

test:  use this decorator to find the child command to grant the options object to avoid configuration .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  null   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  recomputes internal handler for all of the system .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  signal   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  return the backup directory of a given file .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  generates   directory
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the south representation of the file_name .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  seconds   returns
truth:  initialize   null

test:  this function fails if you are not ready to download a reactor .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  call   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  extract rows from a json python dictionary .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  create   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a new spatial threadpool .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of baremetal nodes for a baremetal baremetal .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  like repr() but always returns the primary key for the supplied primary key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo templates .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the absolute path of the mean of the along a given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  compares a ccx and ensures that it is responses on courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  send   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of the hankel transform over the fundamental transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to make json safe for use in html .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  name   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  set main entry point to the rest of the file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   text
truth:  sets   sets

test:  ver1 brightness .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  convert   pad
truth:  defines   null

test:  return true if the object is a type .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an iterator over subtracting in the logical database .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check whether we can introspect field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save and restart an http plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the given modules on the given tempest .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a value to a mask based on the passed value .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns an expression for a target_shape status .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports data' .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a table of fromelementnode .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform text from text to ascii format .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the needs is a tar or interactive multicast address .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for functions that use an event on a instance of a function .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  add   a
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare the symbol and train the pkcs12 dataset vocabulary .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  display an error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  index   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an setraw file that can be used to convert an open file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  fake   sync
truth:  put   put

test:  generates a single graphs of a gzip .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a formatted locale for a decimal locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a string of the items in the given expression .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant for a pmap field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  function   upload
truth:  push   a

test:  test user command line keys .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate a vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this function replaces the text to make it easier in the xxx .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  replaces   work
truth:  null   part

test:  generate a dictionary that can be used for replying .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a tarball lookup .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create and fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a dictionary .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the value of a range of objects as a range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  solves   set
truth:  set   set

test:  an interactive .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run one or more python interactive eyegaze .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a single fixtures and a time password .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   endpoint
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if mkl is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the configured probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the base64 encoded encryption key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the current thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generate a random alphanumeric string of randomness .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that the exception raises a regular expression when invoked is thrown .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  check   port
truth:  fail   null

test:  execute func and return a single socket .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all applicable tests in the given prefix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a class .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv gradient with deconv off iff iff iff iff = weight use .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a constant or constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the grammar and run the grammar .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   program

test:  multiply a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test transformations with non input value .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of the edges in g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the packages from the current working file .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  load   source
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that tax number is a valid tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph described by a cycle .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory of the script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that testing autoscale on a group of autoscale instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   url

test:  check if obj is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  solves an cpp such that decode the mpf go = a given in_filter .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   stubs
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines whether a mod can square a number of k .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  take a number of python objects and get the corresponding representation of the amazon value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into parenthesized lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional logical sentence s to disjunctive normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create the directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  open an terminal -> qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a secret service service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a csv csv is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  takes   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the id for a given token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  look for declaration declaration for independent independent .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   exit
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the dark sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  function   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  validates a list of dictionaries or a string .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  if   sort
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the item cache as git time .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   item

test:  tell whether a given package has a provided package atom .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock id from a short lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the latest version of the page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether an object is a valid python object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a free error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  imports the specified class by the given class name .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  same as a deferred that returns a camel-case instance .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  store   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for use in post .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   builder
truth:  stats   stats

test:  deletes an image from the system .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns python objects from json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert float or none to an appropriate string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  get   opt

test:  lazy lazy state of a class from provided configuration .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert binary string to integer .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates a task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this is mostly a user we need to cspreport .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  request   get
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check the log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  rq a step that will parameters from a local step .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time representation to imap4 representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   date_time
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  make the volume name from a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  function   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  compare   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  only load the module if htpasswd is installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  pootle   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a values in a list to a list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from skill .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into the service name .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build an offset from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  time   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if the xblock has visibility limited to the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python file filename .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  return   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  update   update

test:  return partition information from lvm table cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   database
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieves the first format from each file in the passed path .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by resolving a pair of padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  lists all the vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  count the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  count   number
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a set of all float dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a dictionary and converts it to a corresponding mapping file with optional number of data .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  checks if the specified string is a valid python jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options for the given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  obtain   a

test:  return a list of steps for all steps in the cloud provider .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  uses   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks whether a given string has unrendered errors .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a handler to a function or a dictionary of default values for the typemap .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   handler

test:  checks if a list is a list of arbitrary ways .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  set   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a web url for interacting with a passed url .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a string of random chars .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns the slice of the passed slice .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  object   record
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds an existing key to a url if it doesnt already exist .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of ndarrays elements and fills it as a batch .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  function   log
truth:  null   helper

test:  this method is rather inscrutable from ryu .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute command in a subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   interface

test:  generates the base url for a domain name .
truth: for example . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   example

test:  cause classpath classpath of url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  url   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using joined eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all python modules that can be found under the given directory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  list   images
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the email address is set correctly .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  if   test
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set source account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the options options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the xpath namespaces for the container name .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  list   null
truth:  split   split

test:  check for a set of channels .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   row

test:  compute savgol filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  normalizes the input arrays so that the exponent of arrays are in the arrays arrays arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   migrate
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  executes the given error message from the given process .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  check   a
truth:  input   input

test:  return the path to a public link in the given bytecode .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  link   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert protobuf image to a protobuf .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  function   function

